(SPA,medium) IDEAS AND FACTS I desagree with the statement , because the facts are important as the ideas and concepts , the are connect because the ideas and concepts give the students the facts , they are always behind , in any explication and understanding of ideas and concepts , we have to consider the facts , to have a deeper reasoning about what we want to learn , but why some people not consider facts as important ? Many people think that the concept or meaning is the only thing that matters , because they are superficial and do n't look behind to see the FACTS . For example , in a high school , the students are only interest in learning the concept as it is , not to know what cause it , or why it is there , this lack of interest on going deeper on the information they have , led them to not be well prepare to present some knowlege tests , but also the teachers do n't pay attention to this lackness in their students , so the students only understant the ideas but not learn the facts that remarks that idea . It is important to always have some facts , so that we can make a better analizis to the theory , that involves the ideas and the concepts , analyzing all the things we have in our head , to make a better job . This doesnt mean that the ideas and the concepts are not important , thay are very important because with them is that we can take in account the facts , so undestanding ideas and concepts are very , very important , to have a clear thought of what we have . This is like when a bird born , at the begining it is only interest or focus on the food the mother give him , but later needs to know the facts that involves how the mother obtains the food , how she procceses it , and how he can do that . Are things that maybe at the beginig it doesnt put attention but at the end would be very an important thing to him . Can be concluded , that the facts , and the ideas and concepts , are both very important to have a better knowlege about something , that when we see the concept , we also have to consider the facts that are behind .
(ARA,medium) Young people are the futers communitie . I disagree whith that for several reasons . First , they are helping there community by living in it . Second , they are studing real hard to acheave something to represent there community . Finally , they are doing community projects all there life . The existance of Young people in a communite gives it the strength to survive . Young people usually spread joy , happyness , and movement whithin the place there at . For example , a house full of children is usually loud an crouded which brings the sence of life in the speret . On the contrast of the childe free houses which are quite and boring . The students are bulding there community . When a student is studing to become a doctor or an engeneer or a fireman , he is doing his communety one of the biggest help his community could ever get . He is going to give hid community someone who could cure the sick or help the fritened or give the homeless a shelter . The young people are projects for there communities . The successful life of the young is the hope of the old . The young people have alot of goals to achive , alot of dreams to presode , and every acomplishment for them is an acomplishment for their communities . When a young person achives a high goal he makes his whole community proud . To conclude , the young people are the harte of the community . they are the doctors , angeneers , firemen , and every important thing of the futer . they are there commities success and faliar . Even if it does n't seam that there making time for community serves , they are serving there community all there time .
(GER,high) Nowadays it may seem at first sight , watching the daily news about the terrible , careless and lazy youth , that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . In my opinion this statement does not show how reality really looks like . Of course there are young people who do n't do anything for their community , but there are still a lot of young , intelligent and involved people who show their best leadership and invest hard work into supporting and helping their communities on a volunteer bases . The cause of the statement shown above might be the always existing and never ending generation conflict that reflames in every country and in every century . But young people do help their communities these days too . For example at my university there are a lot of possibilities for students to get involved in community service as a volunteer . Of course not every students gets involved with community work but most of my friends do . Let me give some certain examples : There is a law club that gives legal adive to people who cannot afford a lawyer . The people who come there do not have enough money to pay a normal lawyer , so the students organised a club where they help people to find legal advice , but do not take any money for it . ( this happens in Poland , in Germany it is forbidden ) . Another students club takes care for the environment , another teaches little children to speak foreign languages , and another helps unemployed people to organise a company or firm and take the first legal and economic steps to it by developing business plans . A lot of students get involved in their ` international ' community as well , joining amnesty international for instance and fighting for human rights through organising different actions like writing letters to different governments , governements who are violating human rights . Some of my friends get involved socially . They go to schools and do a social year in their own country or in foreign countries for example . Ina , a friend of mine , did that in a middle school for handicaped children in Cologne . She was helping out there as a volunteer , and did not get any benefits from it ( except her personal experience of course ) . Another example is that young men help out as a ` Zivi ' between their graduation from high school and studies at a University or other jobtraining , to avoid going to the army for one year . The most common is for them to help out in hospitals or homes for older people . And they do n't just do it to avoid the army . Some of them , as my friend for example , stay longer at the institution . There are far more examples of how students and other young people get involved in helping their community . They do care , no matter what adults or older people might say and how bad the generation conflict might get . It proves that the young people nowadays are not as careless as one might think .
(SPA,high) Different studies and investigations have been proving during years , how contaminating a car is . However the number of cars continues to increase at time passes by . In fact , I am not an expert in the subject , but I would say I disagree with the statement listed and predict an increase of cars in the following twenty years . In the fisrt place , simply because the world 's population is growing . People are having more and more children , and those children get to be adults who can buy their own cars . Therefore , if the percentage of car owners stay constant , the number of cars will increase . For example , if the percentage of car owner is 10 % , and nowadays the population is 100 people , and in the futur this population grows to 120 people , then the number of cars would pass from 10 to 12 . The second reason I can find to hold my opinion is very much related with the first one . Since population is growing there are no more space for everyone in the cities , and , thus , living in the city is becoming more and more expensive . Therefore , nowadays one can choose to have a more cheaper and calm life in the outskirts of the city , and in that way one is able to buy a car and travel to the city to work everyday . In the third place , I think there is an economical reason for which the number of cars will increase . Manufacturing tecnhiques are improving , making the construction of a car simpler and cheaper , which makes the final product much more cheaper and accesible . For example in my grandparent 's time having a car in Argentina was a real privilege for cars were luxury products . Today , on the contrary , though not everyone can have a car , most of middle class people in Argentina can afford one . However I also think that there are many different ways in which the number of cars can be regulated . In my opinion each government should find it 's own way to incentivating people to use alternate means of transportation such as buses or subways to reduce the number of cars . Clearly the process is not easy but if nothing is done , and the number of cars keeps increasing , then the contamination caused would be really terrible and impossible to correct . In conclusion I think that if things keep on being the way they are today , in twenty years the number of cars will not be reduced but increased . Population growth , their need to move out of the cities and to move themselves daily , and the prices on cars are just some reasons I can find to predict such increase . However , this increase can be reversed if action , mainly form the governments , is taken to regulate the numbers of cars .
(TUR,medium) Have i ever been lost in foreing country ? Some people may think the best way to travel is in group led by a tour guide , However other might support that it is not the best way . Fortuhermore it is seemed clear to me that it is most efficient and useful idea . Because of having a no knowledge about the place where people plan to visit and having a good experience . The first point i would like to make about the idea , There are several advantages about visiting with tour guide in a group led . First of all i agree this statement . Hence in other country which we have no idea about how the life is there . Because of the criminal activities or any accident such as getting lost . being sick and not available to speak native language . Consequently i had experience about visiting to other countrt which is Eygpt for touristic reason . I got lost when i was 14 years old and i couldnt speak arabic or french even english . Thus i had rough time with finding my parents and guide can help and take care of us . On the other hand , i have a habit that i would like to discover everything because i believe that this is the best way of learning so because of what had happened me . I had changed my mind and i am supporting the main idea of text . Because we have never gone there and the guide have been there more than us , which means we have less information than guide . Clearly i have had experience about being lost , i had changed my mind to be a person who has a more knowlegde than i have so that i can enjoy and learn easyly . Furthermore i would go next time with group led with a guide .
(HIN,high) I agree with the staement that , most advertisements make prodcuts seem much better than they really are . I feel that most of the advertisements either in electronic or in print or any other media is nowadays , concentrate more on look rather than the usability or features of the product . For example a clothing company tries to spend a lot on the models and presnetation rather than the comfort while wearing its product . Creating the hype and fuss is the only motive of such advertisements , although public may not like the product at all after few uses of it , e.g. a big multistarrer movie might be opened with a big lavish event , but after few days of show only , public comes to know whether it 's a hit or a flop . This is one case where extra hype is created for a product by advertisements . In other cases , the side effects of the product are tried to make hidden behind the attractive advertisement . For example , aerated drinks , cosmetics etc , which are not good for health . In few cases , cosmetics have been proved very dangerous , when used frequently . Cases have been found that after using cosmetics from a reputed company , the customers have generated allergic and skin problems due to toxic material present in it . Although the advertisemnt doesnt mention any appropriate frequency of usage , it effect is visible after long usage only . In such cases it is all upto the public which has to find out the consequence after sometime . Another example is alcoholic dinks and tobacco products , which are pretty much dangerous to health are advertised in such a way that it appeals to the mass population . As we can see , in most of the advertisements , which come out newadays focus more on packaging and making the product more attractive , rather than projecting there attributes related to general use .
(TUR,medium) THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE YOUNG AND THE OLD PEOPLE I agree that the young people enjoy life more than older people do . Because the young people have more aims , plans or works for the future and they have enough time for doing these . The young people are ambitious more than older people are . When they begin to some work they want to finish it but the older people can give up easily . They can live without doing nothing , they can sit or they can listen oldies . But the young people can not live without doing nothing , they always want to produce something , they want to progress . I think the young people do not want to sit like the old people . The young people are so energic but the old people are so lazy because the performance of their body is low and because of this they can not do the things that make them tired . The young people have got special abilities because the performance of their body is high . They can play football , they can swim , they can run fastly but the old people can not do these because of their low body performance . The young people like to watch the TV but the old people prefer to listen to music on the radio . There are many differents programmes , magazines , films or competitions on TV but on the radio there is only songs and talkings . With this example i can say that the young people enjoy life more than older people do . The old people want to sleep but the young people does not like and want to sleep because the young people have so much things to do . They may have homeworks , projects or meetings but the old people may not have these . Recently , the young people put off the important things of them but it is not true for me because their time is running out , they should know enjoying the life like the young people . Briefly , the young people enjoy life more than older people do because they know to enjoy the life , the old people put off everything and do not know to enjoy the life .
(KOR,medium) In my opinion , young people really enjoy their life more than older people do . As we see some examples , we can figure out how much young people enjoy their life . Using those examples , we can generalize young people . Young people have enough time and healthy , so they can try many things which they want to do . For instance , if old people want to do sky junping , they usually can not do that because their body is very weak , but young people can do that without worring about physical problems . Besides , if old people want to travel whole world , it will take a lot of energy , but old people can not deal with that . On the contrary , young people can do that well . Usually , old people have their children and family , so they have to protect them against poverty . Even though old people want to travel and have break , they can not take that , because if they take break to enjoy life , they will lose their job , so they can not enjoy their life more than young people , for they have reponsibility for their family . Young people , they really have enough time to enjoy their life . When youhg people tri to do something to enjoy life , unfortunrattely , sometimes they could get in hard situation . They have to spend lots of time to escape from that situation . Through that experience , they can learn something and improve themselves . However , if old people tri to do new someting so as to enjoy their life , and they get into hard situation , they will not recover their life because they don not have enough time unlike young people . From above examples , I agree wtih the mention that young people enjoy life more than older people do . It was completed from objective examples that I suggested in the writing .
(ITA,medium) The society has changed enormously in the last ten years . Now is fondamental to have an academic instruction to work . Some jobs are widely spread like those in economic fields . Some others are more unusual as those in engeneering fields . For these reasons it is worth choosing a career well based on what one wants to do . Here in Italy also the university has been transformed . Now you have to attend many courses and take many exams ( about thirty ) in the first level in order to be a doctor , in wide general sense . Making this , you study a lot of different subjects that bring you on a wide knowledge . Sometimes , unfortunately , somebody can loose hiself between too many exams , but other times one can discover what he really wants to do . In fact you can decide if stop your studies or go on by attending courses of the second level . The second way leads you to take other , more specialized exams , that allow you to be a magistral doctor . Now I am studying to obtain a second degree and so I am sure about this fact : the more you study different academic subjects the more you have chance to have , and sometimes to choose , a good job . As regards my work field , sound engeneering , it is better to choose subjects that involve computer and video , but it can also be usefull to insert in the curriculum vitae exams based on music like musical perception or psycoacustic . After the first impact with the new subjects , you will be very satisfacted of what have you done and you will think that wide cultural human beings are more interesting than the poor one . Companies and industries will hire you if you show that you are more capable of changing field of work and if you are more adaptable at their needs
(HIN,high) In my opinion , in twenty years , it is more likely to find a larger number of cars on roads than we see today . Cars which were a luxury a few decades back , have become more of a necessity today . As more and more job oppurtuniies are being made available to the people , standards of living are definitely on a rise . This is the case , specially in the developing nations , as the economies are growing . With more money , more number of people would be able to afford cars and thus , be using them . Also , most of the families which are financially well off , have more than one car for the family . Typically , each member of the family owns a car of his own , as soon as he or she can drive one . This trend seems to be catching up , lately . Moreover , with the rise in population , we need more and more land to live on . This has resulted in reclaiming areas , which were not in use before . Thus cities a becoming bigger and bigger , with their suburbs getting densly populated . As people prefer to stay in the suburbs , for reasons like , cheaper resourses , more area etc. , most of the major offices are still found in the main city . This requires , people to commute long distances . Travelling by public transport is not an idea a lot of people consider , when they have a car at home . Thus , the use of car is increasing further . With advanced technology , many car companies are coming with cheaper and more affordable models of cars . Such cars , since they need lesser maintanance , have contributed to the increased number of cars that we see on the road today . Atleast for the next decade or two , this seems to be a possible trend . Also , traffic problems have been often associated with the increase in the number of cars on the road . To avoid this , many companies have also come up with two-seater models . These cars which are small , make manoevering in the crowded streets a little easier . In the years to come , we can definitely expect to see a lot more of these cars , flooding the streets . Thus , in the next twenty years , the number of cars in use , are most likely be higher than what it is today . It is a bad news , considering the fuel shortage that is expected in the very near future and not to forget the pollution that so much traffic would eventually cause . We need to be prepared to handle it or the governement needs introduce laws to control its effects , before its too late .
(SPA,high) Young people and older people enjoy their life in different ways . Some people think that young people enjoy life more than adults , however other people think the opposite . I will discuss both points of views and finally give my opinion . Young people enjoy their life in several ways . Children have fun playing with their toys , they can spend hours playing with them and they do not get bored . Teenagers like to go out with their friends and also to go to parties . For example , as a teenager I like to go to the beach with my friends and go to discos and pubs . Young people also enjoy life when they reach a goal . For instance , I felt really happy when I won the first place with my friends in a rugby competition . Children also enjoy and feel happy when they know someone protects them and give them love . Older people have fun and enjoy life in many ways . Adults feel happy when they reach a goal or they get something important . For example , when my father was hired in a very good company in my country he was really glad and I noticed he was enjoying it . Other way to have fun is travelling , most adults like to travel and meet other people . For instance , my mother is a person who likes to travel a lot and I always go with her , I enjoy it too but I know thats the way my mother enjoys her life . Something that is very common is that adults lay on their beds and watch television and they seem to enjoy it , even though some people find it boring . In conclusion , I think that younger people enjoys life more because there are more moments of happiness while they are children and teenagers . They have fun in easier ways than older people . Therefore , in my point of view , children and teenagers enjoy more their life .
(SPA,medium) Advertisements sometimes are just an information that not show the true , it is just a way to show and offer the product . All the products have to have an advertisement , but sometimes this kind of ads only show the common rules that all the products must have . In my opinion advertisments must show the true composition of the product , no matter if it significate a major cost for the company who produce this kind of products . Advertisments are very important because they show us if that product is correct or no for our consume . I agree with most advertisments make products seem much better than they really are , some Products show qualities that are n't true when you consume it , the only thing that they concern its sell their products no matter if it is so good or no . They try to hide some details , and that details can be harmful for some people . A lot of peolple ca n't consume some ingredients , for example a diabetic person should n't taste sugar , but if an advertisment do n't show the quantity of sugar that the product have , this product is harmful for that person , even can cause an intoxication . I think we must create a rule for advertisments , all of the products should have a complety list of ingredients and the quantity and quality of these , the products must be clasificated . To conclude I can say that advertisment sometimes can be entertaiment but sometimes can be cheerfully , all we have to do is look and try to find the real purpose of the product .
(TUR,medium) Older people enjoy the life better than the young people do . The older people have what they want ; however , the young people always run after the things that they want to achieve . Firstly , older people did every kind of thing to stand by their on foots . They solved a lot of problem , they spent their time to handle the things in a best way . When they become older , they start to enjoy the life . They take a long vacations . For instance my parents , they are quite old . They take a long vacations in the summer . Actually they spend all their summer in a island . They do not thing the problems because they do not have problem . However , older people can have a health problem , it is the serious problem they can have . It is the disadvantages being older , but if they spend the time good and if they take care themself , this problem can be out of their life . Secondly , the young people always try to achieve a thing . they spend their time to work not to be relax . When he is a teenager , he try to do well his school courses . In the high school he try to attend a good collegethen to find a good jobs . Young people always try to solve the problems . When they take a vacation , they do not be happy , their minds are not clear , they usually think how to solve these problems . They can not enjoy the life . Furthermore , young people have that problem they usually think what they will be . This ideas prevent them to be relax . As a conclusion , older people enjoy the life rather than the young people do . They spent their youth to be achieve every thing that they wanted and needed . When they become older , they spend rest of their life to look after what they did and to enjoy the life . I think young people can be happy when they have their wants . Thus , they do not enjoy the life as old people do .
(TEL,medium) Ya , i do agree with this statement that `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do wel . '' Most of the well known people who got successe surely went on with lots of risk 's . This is because one wont have a special attraction untill he do somthing which is extrodinary . If he/she is success with that new idea , then they will surely be praised . Succesas only comes with one who came over lots of hard work and faced lots of hardships . The person who wanted to invent an aeroplane , at first kept there life at risk by flying themselves into air . The shape of that idea is an aeroplane . If they wouldnt have get that creative idea and if they wouldent have implemented that idea one couldnt see an aeroplane at this time . Such great invention are to be remembered forever . Every individual should have a right goal and should know how to succesed . Success play 's a vital role in ones personal life . One will have its impact surely in his upcoming carrier . Even though there are lots of success stories around us , we maily give our importance to the one which is unique . Doing the same old thing may also bring some importance , but as when compared with the success which includes risks and different turns all over its way , its nothing . We have many well known people such as Newton , Right brothers and so on . these people are well know for ther great inventions due to which we now have the `` Law of Gravity '' , aeroplane , telephone and all . The major aspect of success is hard work , creativity and a good intelectual brain . Every person can become an inventor or somthing else only if he/she is studious , very much conserned with his/her ideas , innovative thinking . one should surely try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do to come out with flying colours .
(TUR,high) Some say that , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . This makes no sense and is not logical at all when we consider the real facts that we see everyday . There are two main points which shows that the number of cars in use will increase instead of decreasing ; firstly , it is already increasing instead of staying the same ; and secondly , the world and the countries are getting bigger so they will be more necessary in the future . First of all , it is obvious that the number of cars are inreasing each day goes by ; so it is not really wise to say that it will decrease in time . It is not really possible for thousands of people to suddenly say that `` Ok , I do not want to use cars anymore . '' . Moreover it is a need for people more than a choice and nobody seems to solve the transportation problems . The fact is , people will keep buying cars unless there is a better way offered for them to go where they want to go and it seems like it is so far away from now and the future . Secondly , the cities and the countries are getting bigger ; and it is not a really good option to use public busses , taxi or metro anymore . Cars seem to be the best option . Taxi is a really expensive way for transportation and busses are really slow . Metro is neither but it is really crowded and there happen too many crimes in the metros so it is not a really good option either . Cars are in the middle of all of these . It has all these problems and risks as well but in little amounts . So again , cars are the best option that people have . To sum up , because of the reasons that the numbers of cars are already increasing and the world is getting wider everyday , the number of cars will not decrease in the future . In fact , it is more reasonalbe to say that this number will increase . In every aspect , cars are the best option that is offered to humanity and no one seems to be looking for another option for them . In order to decrease the number of cars in use , people must be offered something new and better to use .
(HIN,high) I completely agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . After all , if all of us continue to do what we currently do , and are good at , the human race will never evolve . Innovation has been one of the key strengths of humans . Some of the most important recent developments have taken place because a few people decided to try out something new , something that was hard to imagine before it actually happened . Whether it was the telephone or the aeroplane , it was all because of people who wanted to try out new things . Mankind could make it to the moon only because one individual , of the name Neil Armstrong was ready to try out something that was never tried out before , even if it meant risking his life in the process . Even in the acient times , mankind discovered fire only because there were certain people decided to try out something new , even if it meant taking a huge risk . Ordinary people like to do what they are good at . They are content with the idea that they are trying to get better at something . However , the real succesful people are the ones who try out newer things and take risks , and hence , contribute to the evolution and betterment of the society . If we continue to pursue what we have been doing , our lives would become monotonous . Trying out new things and taking risks gives us the excitement and the zeal which propels our learning . We look forward to coming across newer expiriences , which teach us more and more , and give us ideas to make our lives better . We live in a competitive world and a key to success is to try out newer ideas and take risks - to find out newer methods and ideas of improving your life . In order to develop as individuals , we need to think out of the box - challenge our imagination to come up with ideas which have never been tried before , ideas which give us a significant edge over others . If you think you have something new to try out , it follows that you would have to risk a lot to make sure that it works .
(TUR,medium) I disagree with that statement . Because i do n't believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Because the population of world continuosly growing up , its meanthere will be living more people on the earth than today . So its mean peoples will need more car for their requests or anything else whatever you want to call . If we look to back , our past will show us , we are always usig more by time . For example , if we use 10,000 cars in the 1920's , we are using over than 500 million cars today . This is only one example shows , there is always a good table showing us we always use more car than last year . And its will be going up like this way . Lets look with a different point . There are car facilities and others like tear productors etc . So always , they will need to be developing new models of car and other parts . And we are drivers or whatever we call , shortly peoples will be changing their cars to another new car . In this while other poor peoples , i mean who does n't lives in good life standarts or conditions . Then as you seen there will be two car in use , if you will think other peoples does same too , so can you tell me , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ? No there wo n't be fewer cars in use in the future . If you look around and think that , when you were child there was less car , but when you were growng up , if you think carefuly then you will see that cars are raising with time . Now look around , how many car there are ? Is it was less than the time you were child ? No It 's not . Because there are more cars in use now than past times . Finally i will say we will see many car in use in the sooner future . If we do n't find solutions for traffic problems , so we will be in big trouble . We will waste time in traffic and we will waste gas for nothing while waiting at traffic . Also i think patrol companies wo n't let it be less car . Because how many car is there , they will sell that much gas and earn money . We can give many example like these . Hopefully there wo n't be much cars than today for more healthfull live . But my brain does n't tells same things . I think we need to work hard for this big problem . We need to teach peoples for social transport vehicles like bus and others . For a healty life we also need to use byscle . I will say again , i do n't want a world with aot of car . I just want a world in peace and clear and healty and without stress .
(FRE,high) Although people specialized in one specific subject have often a better knowledge of it as I do , I prefer to have a broad knowledge of many academic sujects for two main reasons . Firstly , I believe that a good knowledge on several topics will help me to find more jobs in very different areas . Indeed , I am doing engineering studies and I like both the automotive and the aeronautic industries . In order to start my first job in one of these industries and to have the possibility to switch to the other one after a few years , it is crucial for me to keep a broad knowledge in both two fields . Secondly , a broad academic knowledge will help me to better understand the world around me . Indeed , even if a strong knowledge would allow me to understand a specific subject more in details , I think that a broad knowledge will allow me to understand many more subjects with a sufficient comprehension of them . A good example can also be taken from my studies . I learned fluid mechanics in details and I only had a short introduction to other subjects such as turbomachinery or acousitc . Nevertheless , my basics in acoustics were more than sufficient to understand the most common acoustic phenomenon that surronds me in my day-to-day life . I can now easily understand how a speaker or a microphone is working and explain the basic principles to my friends , even if I do not know all the theory in details . In conclusion , although some students prefer to specialize in one specific subject , I definitely prefer to acquire a broad knowledge on many academic subjects . It will help both in my professional life as well as in my life out of the office .
(JPN,medium) Without question I agree the statement that young pepole need to perticipate in their community mpew . There are three resons for it : economical benefit , learning social ability and improving their personality . Firstly , helping thir community is purly benefit to economic . If they take part in a non-profit group such as the one keeping environment good condition , the gorvenment do not need to spend the extra money in order to improve the environment . Acording to the survey countries where people help their communities spend less money than countries where not so many pepole help their communities . For these reasons , it is certain that we need to make young people help their comunities . Secondly , helping communities enables teenagers to learn social ability . I used to help home which is for the old . Before helping it , I did not know how to comminicate with old pepole . However , by helping them I begin to learn how to speak to old pepole and also I also understood that it is really important to talk with old people . But for this experience , hardly would I learn social ability . Lastly , young people are able to grow by helping community . My brother was used to be really rude . However , he become far more humane bny doing it . From this experience , I maintain that the more they take part in communities , the better their personality become . For resons above , I would have to say that helping society is really important . Nevertheless , recently young pepole do not spend time in taking part in communities . Consequently , they need to spend more time in participating in communities .
(CHI,medium) Although many people think that there is nothing to worry while there is a guide . He would be responsible for all the needs they want . I personally disagree with the assertion that to go with a tour guide is the best way to travel . First of all , traveling with a group could waste much time waiting for other person . And it is very unconvenient to go trevel with a lot of people , especially they are all strangers to me . There will be several rules that you should follow . It is not romance and happy at all . Second , the tour guide often wants to have a aboundant impression that all the people in the group . The plcaes are arranged too much ; in the end , there always no enough time to spend on each place the group been . I could not remember or experence the environments where I only spend five minutes to stay with . I need more time and enjoy the difference between where I live . Last but not least , I have heard more than one time that people have the same impression about the same country they have been . It is because the guide always take people to the same place . For example , It is the same that the pictures of my friends and my parents which they took at Frence , only the faces are different . However , I want something more than all the people 's experiences . To see the real things happening in the foreign coutries is more attracted than the photos on the post cards . In conclusion , it is not interesting at all if I can not decide where I want to go . The most interesting part of traveling is to study the country and decide where to go , and it would be better if there are some things unexpected happened . Going with a group is definately mot one of my choice .
(HIN,low) Ideas and Concepts make one student perfect . Understanding the ideas and conecpts are much important than understanding them through the facts . I agree with this saying that student should understand ideas and concepts . These ideas and concepts makes one student get succed in his future than just understanding them in the form of facts . Ideas and concepts are important , if we take a example in acedemics , as to understand any subject in his acedamic the student must be with his basic concepts and the point in with it is explained nd the basic idea for that subject and he must be aware of all the concepts in that subject where as if he goes through the facts he may not cover with all th concepts and he may not have the grip and that formness that he had when he is with the ideas and the concepts , so understanding the ideas and concepts for a student makes him have more ability to explain or to express that subject . student who understanding the ideas and concepts this makes them to achive major tasks like if we take an example of any experiment in sciences that student should know all the concepts to do that experiment like take example of a frog if the student want to experement a frog he need to know all the respiratery organs and how its lives in water and also on the land if we go just by fast that it can live in water and aslo on land that is not sufficient to do experiment on it this may lead to the death of the frog so one student should have the idea when nd in which condition like at what weather condition it servive on the land on in the water so by knowing this student can experiment it . if we take in the lonching a rocket the scientist should have many ideas and concepts like when to lonch the rocket it dosent on the fact that as the rocket lonches it goes in to the space and get every details this will not go as lonching a rocket have many methods and it deals with may concepts like when nd where to do this and how to deal with this . Student can improve his mental ability by thinking much insterd of going according the facts shows , like if the student starts thinking much and consntrate much on his thinking abilityes he gets new ideas and in this way he can put all his concepts in these new ideas and develop him self this makes him 2 get succed in inventing may new new things . like when newton sat under the tree he saw a apple falling down then he started thinking about this this made him to know about the gravitational force he did not leave this to the fact that if a object is thrown then for conform it comes bak on to the earth he just started thikinfg about this and he got sudcceded in kowing about this . If we consider in other fields like in business if he leaves his business to the facts that he get profit if he sells this may also lead him to get the loss so if one have the idea and concept about that selling of the product then for sure he will get succeded in that stream and he will be with the profit . In this way i strongly belive and suggest that one student should go according to ideas and concepts than going through the facts .
(TEL,high) The world has witnessed a dramatic increase in population and also the amount of abuse that humanity has done to environment . I feel that there would be a considerable amount of increase in the use of cars in the future . The world undergoes a goelogical cycle inorder to maintain the balance of nature . Man has been very instumental in creating an imbalance in nature . In order to create a balance , the world has witnessed unforseen natural calamities which have killed millions of people . The movie , `` The Day after Tomorrow '' has made real sense in showing what would be the state of the world in sometime from now . Our natural reserves are being exploited to their limit . Soon we would have none of our natural reserves left . But , technology has made giant leaps in exploring the unknown . We will have to depend on alternate methods of energy to run our automobiles and other equipments . Solar power is the best possible example of an alrternate source of energy . Battery powered cars have been manufactured which are eco friendly . Although fossil fuel consumption would become low , the number of cars would see a dramatic increase . As more number of eco friendly cars are produced , the more affordable would they become . Population would as usual continue to rise unless a major catastrophe occurs . Cities would grow bigger witnessing a major problem of faster transport due to conjusted roads . Industries would have to service more number of people . Thereby to increase efficiency , they would have to have a better transport facility . This is to ensure faster delivery of goods . Residential colonies would be located in satellite towns far away from the city to ensure better facilities . Therefore , cars would be of a major concern . For time to come , I feel that with the current demands of industry and population , cars would be used more than they are being used currently .
(KOR,medium) These days , even in the regions the population are not very a lot , cars are everywhere . And this caused lots of serious environmental problems and health problems . So , lots of people are supporting to not to utilize cars . And also , great amount of public transportation such as subway are increasing . For these reasons , I agree that in the future , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Firstly , many evidence that cars are not efficient to use and causing problems , many people asserts to not to use cars . The problem are such as health problems and environmental problem . Health problem could be occur that people does n't walk because of the convinence of cars . So that many people are suffering from obesity , and high blood pressure . Also , lots of evidence that the cause of serious air pollution was cars . The gas from the cars affected to create harmful gases and it was resulted in destruction of ozone layer , air pollution . So , recently we can see lots of people who are opposed with utilizing cars on the streets . And also , as the number of cars rapidly increased , the traffic jam appeared , so lots of people are choosing to ride on public transportation rather than riding a car . For example , my father had serious problem that he was always late for work . So , he decided to use subway and gave my mom a car . A month later , he said that there are no such as a problem that he was late for workplace and the lots of money were saved . Overall , I agree that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today for following reasons : people are opposing with utilizing cars that they cause serious problems and they are using efficient public transportation . Even though the numbers of car utilizers are far more than people who oppose to use cars , the government and environmentalist are providing more efficient substitute of cars so that many people are convinced by the new substitute .
(ARA,medium) To have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is to learn many things in different fields of study . To specialize in one specific subject is to look at one thing from one point of view . In my opinion , it is better to have both of them as a part of your academical development , and they are both equally important . What truly happens in every person 's academical development is that this person goes through different equally important stages . In the first stages of a childs life , this child learns how to speak , and then he or she learns how to write . This is general information that everyone should start with in the begining of their academic life . Then comes school , whatever , or wherever this person gets their education is all called school ; Although , there are some differences that occur on the level of that education . In school , people are taught all the essentials of life , and a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , including different sciences , mathematics , arts , music , and languages . These are the foundations each and every one of us need in our life . As the school education comes to an end , different people start to specialize in different subjects of their interests . Later on in life , we are approached by university ; by we , i am reffering to the people who are looking at pursuing further education . University is where we are supposed to narrow our choices down , and choose specific fields of study . That is when it is proper for a person to specialize in one specific subject ; in other words , major in something they are attracted to . In the end they are going to have to live with what they choose for the rest of their lives , and that is why they have to choose something they truly love . In conclusion , to have a broad knowledge on an academic subject , or to specialize in another are all equally important . You have to get a broad education first , and then narrow it down to what comforts you most . It is like , watching the rain fall , and then waiting for the rainbow to appear . From the first word a child learns at home to the last book this person reads , each and every stage in that persons life is important .
(HIN,medium) I agree that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts . The most important part of learning is its application . Just the knowledge of facts wont take an indivisual to summit of success . It is when someone can throughly get hold of the idea and concepts , he can create , understand , and anallize things better . One cannot limit ideas and concepts they can be extended to any dimenssions but on the other hand facts can be concidered just a summarization of the ideas and concepts . Facts are important as they provide the basic fundamental thinking but they are not the most important one . If a student just limit himself with the facts he stops thinking , thinking in a new dimenssion . One stops reasoning himself and try wheather there could be another theory which could support the idea , is a theory fulproof . All these questions are not asked . The person cajole oneself to belive it without questioning . The basis of human existence is to think and work on ideas and concept . If the fact that earth is flat as initialy propossed was relied on , then we would have never known the truth . But it is this understanding of idea and concept that the atom contain smaller elements inside we have discovered protons , nutrons and even smaller than that . Nature is too complex to understand and whatever is not natural can be wrong . Facts about anything can be printed in textbooks , narrated by teachers but understanding of ideas and concept depends upon ones own perception , once own logical reasoning and that is what real education is about , to think to reason and then to act .
(CHI,medium) There are two common ways to travel now . One is travelling in a group led by a tour guid ; the other one is going by oneself . They both have their own advantages . The choice might depend on travelers ' own abilities and personalities . I know travelling with a group and a tour guide has been mostly accepted by people . People who chose this way are likely travel to the places with long historical or curtural back ground like China Europe without the knowledge about them , so they need a guide . They may have no special needs such as the diet of food , the room condiction , the schedule of planing or staying at one place they most like for more time . Moreover , traveling with a group will help people , especially lazy ones , to get rid of booking the hotel , finding some where to have meal or even which place they should go . Compare with the way above , as a person with more personalities and needs , I reather to travel by myself or with my best friends . Firstly , I think the most interesting step of a whole journey is not staying at the place you travel to but the process of planning for the whole trip . Imagine that you can sit arround a table with hot coffe , think of how lovely the period of the trip will be and discuss or argue with your friend about where you guys should go . That 's very attractive to me . Secondly , I love natural views more than historical buildings , so I can totally go to a place that does n't need be far , dones n't need a guide there or even does n't have a name . I can enjoy the view and take picture of that , and share thatwith my friends . I can stay as long as I wish to and go anywhere I like for my next station . Without feeling hurry , without feeling being contraled , the two words in my mind are relaxation and freedom . That is the meaning of travel , is n't it ?
(KOR,medium) People have their own ideas about whether traveling alone is better than traveling by a tour guide or not . In my opinion , the best way to travel is by alone in that it can be free to tour places and easily make new firends in the new place . First , traveling alone enbles us to feel free to move on tour site . Some people may think that moving new places alone is dangerous because we do not know about the places . In my opinion , However , traveling alone can benefit us to have more chances to see sight seeing . For example , If I tour with other people on scheduled , I cannot see museums and churches that I wante to visit exept determined sites . Then I do not feel satisfied with the tour . In this way , I can say that traveling along give us more chances to visit than traveling in a group . Second , when it comes to making new friends , moving alone greatly contributes to making it possible . it is generally agreed that traveling in a group is difficult to make new people as they have to move scheduled the sighteeing sites . However , when we are free we can meet other people that may be traveling people or local residents . If they are residents , we can get more detail information on the place . It will be more helpful to take a trip alone than traveling in a group led by a tour guide . To sum up , Traveling alone is better way to treveling in a group by a tour guide in that we can have more chances to visit freely favorite places and meet new friends who can give useful information about the new places . All things considered , I can definitely say that traveling in a group led by a tour guide is not the best way as the advanteges of traveling alone mentioned aboved .
(SPA,low) Actual education sistemsm present differents forms to learn , one form is the next tesis `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' I thing that is a true concept becouse when you see the new students the knowlest is the memory but the analisis is low . Furthermore the word changed very fast and the future need people whit good ideas and concept becouse the decision depentd tah this analisis . If you think in the pats remember for example Socrates , he saw around him and analized the situation , he worked in development his ideas for gif to the human concepts . In the education sistems is necesari thinking what is the best for the world becose if people study is for tha is important the knowlest , and the future contribution in all place and contex , whit the family , whit the work , whit the friends , whit the society . In conclusion the mos important in the education is undertand the ideas y concepts becouse people develoment more their knowlest
(SPA,low) In twenty years from know on is not too much time but i am sure there will be a hugh transformation , we migth not have in account all the avances has been done in just a few yaers , but this is because is gradually . Nowadays we are living a revolution of the thecnology , even more if we are talking about cars . If we think of a car knowadays is necessary for the daily routine , we ca n't imagine living without having a car in our houses , A tis days almost everybody takes the car to go anywhere eventhough is not too far from you , But this , is having graves consequences related with the enviroment and the atmosphere , All the pollution that comes from the transports specially from cars , because there are more . so in a future not too far away i supose they will find different solutions to solve this problem and help the enviroment , Another problem releat to cars is the amount of people every year have accidents where a lot of peole get dead , After these evidences . and if we keep adding all this negative points i am sure that in not too long there will be fewer cars , but instead there will be another machine which will make the same function as tha car is doing now but with safer measures and with less connotation to the enviroment . To conclude cars will be fewer ans the next
(TUR,medium) Recently , transportation becomes as much important as other basic needs such as well-nutrition . In this case cars situate at the heart of this need . By the continuous rising for maintaining individual transportation facility , people give much more importance to cars . Therefore , the amount of car in use will not be decreased in twenty years because of two reasons : one is car industry fabricates more economic and smaller cars , and the other one is willing for individual tranportation . First of all , car industry continously fabricates new cars in terms of lowering huge cost of transportation leading from petroleum . In the parallel , new sources of energy sustain usefulness of cars . For example , in Switzerland there are many cars which function with the electricity so in this case the cost becomes lower than the petroleum and these cars are not harmful for environment . Also , these cars do not occupy more place in the traffic . Therefore , these facts enhance the use of cars . The second reason is ongoing will for transporting individually . In other words , cars facilitates going anywhere that people want . Although public transportation is much more economic in this case , its restricted destination does not preferable for people . For example , people can go out and decide where to go by their own . Hence , cars are not just for a transportation to a defined destination but also for having fun . In conclusion , cars
(ITA,medium) I agree whit the statement that successful peolple try to do new things and not only what they are already good to do . In my opinion this is a main aspect of a successful person , indeed successful people have the ability to understand what they can try to do even if they know that they already have n't the preparation to do that . Someone ca n't became a real successful person if he does't try to risk . He has to have the ability to understand that he can try to do something even if he does't know how to do that . In modern society it is more difficult to rase over other people than some years ago , so people , who want success , have to go over their own limits to try if they are really able to do some thing . It is like when someone bet , he does n't know if he will win , but he knows that if he will win he will be happy and successful . Nowadays there is n't so much space for weak people in the high levels of the society . But there is a big problem about this aspect of successful people , and it is a proplem for all the society . I think doing this , there is a low quality of activity . In other words , if someone stop to do something when he becomes able to do that , because he wants to do something else , there wo n't be a person able to do that work and so there will be less quality .
(TEL,high) Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already kown how to do well . This statement is absolutly perfect and i completely agree with it . Most of the successful people try new things and take risk rather than sticking to the traditional and knows ways of doing things . All the new things invented in this world were as outcomes of the experimentation of new things , some people try new things to satisfy their natural instinct of experimentation and after experimenting with the new things if the result is productive the person who tried it automatially gets the credit . Here we have take an account of risk involved trying new things . Firstly , success comes with effort and not every effort is fruitful . The success and experimentation is also in same relation . But people who have already tasted success are more willing to experinment and take risk because they alredy know what happens if they follows the same treditional method . If they could suceed the expeiment they can get additional accollades . Secondly , some people with out having sucess in the past are tend to experiment new things to satisfy their natural instincts . They may suceed if every thing goes as planned . All the people who are successful are not born successful , but their harwork and tried things came in there way and got success . Thirdly , if any body tries new things he may loose all his credis this is call risk factor involved in experimenting with new things . But if the experiment is fruitful he will get patents for his results and lots of money in return . He can also get the satisfaction of contribution to the modern world . Finally , success and try new things are directly related but it is not always currect , because all experiments are not fruitful . We can say thet all the succesful people tend to try new things and get success . If the experiment fails they may learn from the failure .
(CHI,high) Some people claim that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . However , I hold a opposing view due to the following resons : First , gaining in-deth knowledge on many academic subjects would be extremely time consuming . Studying many different kind of subjects requires the students to spend a lot of time and effort in it . In this way , the students can only learn some superficial knowledge about each subjects but cannot really have a very in-depth understandings of the subjects . On the other hand , studying one specific subject can allow you to specialize in it and acquire thorough and in-depth knowledge about the subject . In addition , many careers are specialists and thus require the specific knowledge of that particular subject . For example , being a lawyer you need to have specific knowledge about the law terms , the judiciary system and the judiciary situation of the place you want to work in . You can not enter those specific careers unless you specialize and acquire in-depth knowlegde about that academic subject . Last but not least , having specialized in one specific subject can offer you chance to investigate the field which is not touched by people before . You can hardly discover new things or findings in your study unless you have in-death and specific knowledge in that particular subject . For example , if you want to pose a revolution in astronomy study , you need to specialize yourself in it , spending lots of time and efforts in it or else it would be impossible for you to make any revolutionary findings . One can see that the previous scientists who triggered off scientific revolution are those who spent their life time in the study of science . To conclude , I believe that specialization in one specific subject is better than having broad knowledge on many different subjects but with superficial knowledges only .
(FRE,medium) The topic debate at university about the specialization reveals the complexity of that question . Historicaly , sciences appear during the 19 th century , and explain evering fact analysing it particulary . So , we can see the apparition of a lot of speciality which are interesting in only one part of the analysis : psychology , biology , economy , sociology ... Before , this subject were a part of the global analysis of the life based on religion and philosophy . The scientific rationality is interesting in the fact , but it can not forget the final meaning of his researches . So , the university are fronting face to this question : must they specialized their student in one scientific subject , or must they conserve the axiology of a global understanding ? The specialisation is a problem because it does not allow the student to understand why he is doing what he is doing . His vision of his subject will be poor if he is not concerned by the other speciality methods , and aspects . For example , if you do economy without notions of sociologic consequences of the economic decisions , you can not be efficient in your work . It is the same case with every speciality because analysis is only a way toward a global understanding . If you specialize yourself in only one specific subject , you will be narrow minded , and bader than peole who know some other subjects . However , we need specialisation because it is a way to learn a job . The problem of learning many acadmic subjects is that you dont have a speciality which is a prove of your level . To have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is necesary before to know a specialization . Weber shows the differents between the american and german university , and the solution is between this two cases . Until 18 years old , you should not be specialized in one specific subject . University should begin a specialization around the third years . It is a determinant choice in the qualities of furtures workers .
(JPN,high) I like traveling and I have traveled many times in my life . From my experiences , although I understand the merits of traveling alone , I agree with the statement : The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Especially I do when the visiting place is unfamiliar to me and the period is within a week . There are three reasons for that . Firstly , traveling in a group led by a tour guide is much safer than traveling alone . When the place is unfamiliar to you , it is very dangerous and troublesome . If you traveling alone , you should take all the responsibility for what you do ; eat , walk aroud , buy tickets , get a loss , transfer . However , the tour guide can solve almost all of the problems and sometimes the member of the group also can help you . When I was traveling Europe last year in a group , I caught a cold and a member of the group gave me medicine at that time . Secondly , traveling in a group is cheaper than traveling alone . For example , the cost of transportation or entrance fee for museums are discounted in a group . Thirdly , traveling in a group provide chances to get close each other in the group and that is a lot of fun . But I have an experience that some people quarreled and battled in a group tour which I belonged to . And I think that possible happens when the travel continues more than a week . Therefore I added the premise that the travel ` within a week ' . Accordingly , I think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide especially when I visit unfamiliar place within a week .
(SPA,low) For my it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because learn more . The diferentes materials : Arts , Science , Mathemathics , Literature , Politic , World , Economy , Languagues , Cook , Technology , History . Learn to the watherver topic , or subject , realize a person . Most learn most prepared to great job in anything work . Wao ! Need talk about all topics with all people and help in different material . And specialize in one specific subject realize people `` genious '' on the specialization . Special people , learn about science for example and specialize in this maerial have big concement in the cotidians jobs . In my opinion learn the all academics subjects realize the people or much very intellectual people . Maybe readding more books , less television , more educational programs . Whn travel at other country , learn the other cultures , your idioms , custums , religion . The world is totally different and more learnd of the other materials more prepared for any situation . Noy bad for specializa in specifict subject no , no . no . But always y need learn , I nead have a knowledge for evrethyng topic . I like I enjoy knowledge . This my live . I am play instrument and learn evreday at the other materials . It 's so funny learn , funny and intersting .
(TUR,high) Do you think that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ? Some people believe in this dream . However , I do not agree that that many people might give up on using cars in twenty years . I have got several reasons to think so . First of all , the statistics done up to now show us that there has been a rapid increase in the amount of cars in use all around the world . Moreover , it seems that it is more likely to keep increasing . There are three major explanations for this rapid increasem : `` The decrease in the cost of making cars , the population growth and the overal recovery in people 's financial situatuion around the world . '' These and related factors have been enabled more and more cars to be produced . Secondly , we can easily see that transportation heavily depends on cars in most of the countries around the world . For example , in the U.S there are states and cities , like Dallas , where there is no presence of a good public transportation . You almost have to have a car in order to go somewhere . Moreover , statistics show that more than 60 % percent of the world transportation rely on cars . Thirdly , people have been considering cars as a need rather than a luxury . Especilly men start to dream of a car starting from their childhood . Most people would not want to give up on their cars or their dreams to have a car . Maybe in the future , in metropolitan cities like New York and Istanbul , some people might stop using their cars or can be forced to do so because of the terrible trafic problem . In conlusion , it strikes me that in twenty years there will be not fewer but more cars in use than there are today because of such reasons I have mentioned above .
(ARA,medium) I agree with this statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Because media have a strong effect on people , and how much the product became a familiar to people it became better . As we all know that advertisements is an essential step to make any product to be success . It is also can be a misleading for people know nothing about products in market . The advertisements is using a simple way to get simple people are not aware if that product are good enough for them or no , and as a result of worldwide media now and the expantion of it become more easy to get people in traps of these advertiesments . As any company make good products or bad products all are seeking for binifits of these products . But the difference that good comapines are affraid on thier respective , rather than other company produce less qaulity items for market . If we take a soap product under consideration , and if we asume that there are two companies are producing such a material we call them X and Y respectivly with good product and bad product . In the following situation we will see how that media will make the bad product of Y better than broduct of X. Company Y choose a international program that many of people like to watch it and they like to keep watching it continously . They advirtise their product over and over for long time . Which make people uncontionsly take on this product and being familiar with it . So when people go to a market and want to buy a soap as our example . The customers will find two products one is for X and the other for Y , and because the strong advirtisement of product Y the customer will choose the product Y. Even so product X is better than product Y the customer choose product Y . So in my opinion how much the advertisements of a products were good and alot . How much better the product will be better than reall is . And here become the role of customer in seeking what really better not what he saw in TV .
(TEL,medium) Ideas and concepts will play a major role in the development any product or component . So , I strongly accept that a student has to understand ideas and concepts . In todays world we have come accrosed many robust and complicated products . For example , cars , computers and many automated machines . These products were developed by engineers by understanding proper background information of it and its working principle , to get all these things done we need to understand the concepts and ideas of it . For example , to design a bike , we have to understand the working principle and what is exactly required in order to make it work in an efficient way . when we understand the above need we can have an idea to fabricate it . Today we have many students who are very dull in their studies and they just memorise the answers and reproduce the same in the exam papers . But they dont understand the concept of the chapter or working of a particular componentand , eventually when they finish there educations they will not have ability to implement the concept to develop a product because they have not understood the concept well . so , todays science and technology has many complicated concepts were students are finding difficult to learn it . Sometimes , facts also required to learn from facts . For example , when a solid object is immersed in water , an equall amount of water is displaced out which is equal to the weight of the solid object whic is a fact that can be seen . This information is very usefull for marine engineers which is got by a fact . So , i always understand the concept and ideas in any subject rather then giong by a fact . I have done this from my childhood and helped me a lot to learn so that I can implement the same to invent more and more products which is favorable to the people .
(TEL,high) I agree with the prompt . Young people do enjoy life more than the older ones do . It is only at a young age that one 's mind is jostling with innovative , imaginative and creative ideas . A young person is jostling with curiosity to plunge into the outside world and explore the various mysteries it holds . All the zest to explore life gradually fades away with old age . Here is an example . When you ask a teen about what he or she would like to do in life , you would get an answer right away that would sound something like , `` oh ! I want to be successful in what ever that i do ! ... And have a lot of fun doing that ! '' . On asking the same question to an adult , say a middle aged one , can you imagine such an energitic and zealous reply ? Well , at least I cannot . At the most , it would be something like , `` I need to get all my insurances settled '' . From this we can infer that with old age , our attitude towards life begins to change . One starts to forget that life is something that comes only once and it needs to be lived to the fullest . And with that I mean , the zeal to face the challeges that come up in life should prevail , whatsoever . Also , the saying `` ignorance is bliss '' would hold true for a young person ( if taken in the right context , that is ) . A young person need not worry about the complexities of shares and insurance policies and all the material worries that are ought to haunt them in their old age . All that would ( and should ) matter in youth would be a positive approach towards life and the zeal to do something good for the society , the willingness to contribute to making the world a better place to live in . Well , yes , that is the only time that one woud get the time to do good things for the world , like joining an animal welfare association , or helping organisations that work to do some good for the society . All these factors sum up to one conclusion . Life can be enjoyed greatly only in young age .
(TUR,high) People who live and work in big cities have to deal with traffic . It may take even more than a few hours of their lives everyday . If there were fewer cars , the problem would be solved . But how to decrease the number of cars ? The solution is mass transportation . I believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there is today . The city planners are working on new roads as well as new ways of mass transportation . Especially underground or lightweight railway systems are getting popular . When the quality and the number of these mass transportations increase , there will be less need for cars . The cars are causing air and noise pollution all around the world . The hybrid cars are being developed but not being used . On the other hand , new mass transportation vehicles are not polluting the world . Mass transportation is economical as well . It contributes to national economy as well as household economy . The fuel energy cars are using and the time spent in traffic are bad for national and international economy . The world is going through an important phase concerning world peace . The wars started for gaining the use of petrolium are increasing rapidly in the Middle East . These wars are started because of petrolium corperations and their urges to have more power . The companies are also pressurising the governments to increase the building of roads and selling of cars . If people and governmen I believe that people and the governments will come to an understanding that mass transportation is a must for the whole world . Mass transportation will improve world economy , decrease pollution and traffic .
(JPN,medium) It could be said , it really depends on what kind of type the person is , therefore , I agree with this opinion . Some people successed with only doing what they already know how to do well but I hardly believe that the kind of peple could successed only in limit of levels . No risks but no big returns . I think that successful people try new thing not just to money but they like to try new thing . As a result of their action , they earn a lot of mony and find a different way to successed from others . Thinking about our computerized life , when I was a junior high school student , nobody know what the internet means . Only few people showed their interest on it and start some internet business . Nowadays internet business is the one of most successful business but they always have to try new things and develop their knowledge and technics . If they do n't , no longer become to successful people ! Also if people in this world are doing only they already know things , our cultures and industries have no chance to improve . We always need to seek something new to us . Of course there are some risks all the time to do new things , but if we do n't try , we ca n't gain anything including the meanings of successful . I do n't want to think all the time to become successful person but I always want to try to be a challenging person for everythins . And someday , I may become one of a successful person .
(HIN,high) I believe older people enjoy their life better than the young people . They have lived their life . The amount of experience they have is vast . They know the art of handling various situations . They live their life among friends . Old people know the art of enjoying their life better than the young people . When they were young they amount of opportunities they had were more and the competition was less . They had fewer universities the amount of research that was happening in the field of science was limited . No matter the ground roots of scince and technology were kept during their time . The amount of tensions and the pressure they had to deal was less . I can say this because of the numerous old people that I have spoken to including my own grand parents . Whenever I talk to them I gather so much of information that I have to say yes `` The world is not enough '' . They use to have some problems here and there but during their time the community use to stand as one . They laugh they share the life time achievements . Like my grandfather talks about the worldwar II . How my grand mother waited for him , and use to pray in church everyday for his well being . Young people on the other hand are more complex of a nature I would say . They amount of competition that they have to face every day . Somebody or the other is trying to proove himself better than the other . These factors lead to tensions , enormous pressure at times and frustration as well . Generally younger generation is least conecrned of getting involved in community activities , other then once in a while . Some times we never who is our next door neighbour . As we the younger generation is more concerned with the privacy . We are not ready to accept somebody 's help . We want to remain confined within ourselves . The young generation might be seen speaking once in a while in community here and there . They generally are forgetting the natural art of enjoying . Enjoyment could be going to clubs and bars have some drinks and have fun and come back . Therefore in my opinion it is the old people who know the real art of enjoyment . Young generation should take sometime off their busy schedule and spend time with the old people . We might share love and affection with them and in return gain a lot out of them .
(TUR,medium) The answer is this questions depends on ur own likes , hobbies and life experiences . In my point of view ; i dont agree with this statement beacuse i like the motor sports and enginees . Im a mechanical engineer . Even if the most people dont use cars in the future ; im sure that i wont leave this habit , im going to use cars in the future . I know my answer is emotional . The techonologhy is getting more modern everyday . And the word pollulation is growing up too . Because of the traffic problem we need to use puplic transporting vechiles like metro or bus . There are a lot cars on the streets and its really hard to travel by car . For example travelling by metro is really easer than the indivual one . And in twenty years the trains will be faster than now . Acutally im not sure about we are going to use cars in twenty years . Maybe we will use different type of cars in the future which have the ability of flying . Its really early to say thats kind of firm ideas like that . Now we use cruise control in our cars and there are a lot of system that can help to driver . Who knows whats gonna happen next ? The most important important reason that i need to suppose this statment is technologhy . The scientists are working for transporting objects with the speed of light and they succeed about transpoting lights . Now the turn is for physical objects . Im sure that they are going to solve this problem and then we will able to travel faster , Needless to say , there will be fewer cars than there are today . And this the right thing about our future . Because the world temprature is rising up by cars or which are using oil . If we want to stop this we need to find different inventions better than cars
(ARA,low) Many students have differnt vairty for taking the information some who have more improtant to understand the problem and known the concepts , but the other one how think that learn facts chould be ok . In my opining I think that understood the ideas and concepts chould be more helpful than just learn the fact for many reason . First of all , when you knew the ideas you can imagian who can be it or you give this information espical idea that make you understood it immdately . For example , when the teacher said '' the people die '' you knew that is fact but you do not know why , but when the teacher said '' the people die becouse they maby be infaction by dises or when he in the war the killed and so on '' . you can understand that very easily and in you word and imagaintion . Second , knowing the concepts is onther point to understood the information like in physic if you do not understand the point or in the experiment you should know the concepts which make you understand what you should doing during the test . So as we see both of them are related which each other the ideas and concepts which make the thing more sens rather than knowing the fact , becouse immaditaly you will ask you self mant question . In instant , the boll will folling down when you thorugh it up the first thing you will ask who , why , and what is making it folling down . But if you understand the ideas and the concepts you will not wory what will happen soon because you have abelity do understand it depened in what you teacher explain it to you . In breif , understanding the information is depened on what way you are chosi on it is it good or not but as I said known or learn the facts it may be not the only the way of learing the information , it should followed by concepts which depend in which way you prefar
(GER,high) In my opinion there are two oppositing points of view from which one could see the situation . First you could agree with the statement that successful people try new things rather than only doing well known thinghs because they can allow themselves to be experimental for there is no financial pressure . They are , due to their success , able to come up with negative effects of their behaviour and they also have the capital to invest in new innovations for example . Whereas poorer people or just people without overwealming success might have great financial pressure and have also the fear to lose what they have already reached . So they are more likely to play on the safe side . A poor company might use its old computersystems for a longer time than a rich one for firstly the poorer one does n't have the needed money and secondly because newer systems might not work that dependable . Second , one could also tell the story the other way round : Successful people might become more carefully because of they 're afraid of loosing their wellbeing life and their position in society which implies that they take not the unknown road . For example a famous food chain would never change the slogain or the kind of marketing strategy as long as the food sells well . In comparison with that , unsuccessful people have nothing to lose so they might tend to try out new things for it ca n't get worse . A small unknown company may try out a variety of marketing strategies to find out which one causes the highest sells . There are always these two options . Which way is meant tyo be taken depends on every individual character which is challenged by a decision like described above . So I ca n't agree the statement that successful people are more willing to take risks in gerneral for there are as many reasons speaking against this thesis .
(JPN,medium) this question reminds me of the time i chose my way when i was a high school student . I definitely agree with the statemant that having broad knowledge is better than specializing in one specific subject because of three reasons . first , it provides us with a broad and comprihensive point of view . in reality , there are many problems that cannot be solved by one point view . for example , you can refer to the environmental problems or poverty and so on . the environmental problems are related to chemistry , economics , or politics . poverty is also connected with many points of view such as sociology , economics , agriculture and so on . there is no problrems that can be solved with only one point of view . you have to integrate you broad knowledge to find the solution . second , it can give the students choices which field they want to study and have career . it is stupid to force students to choose their field without knowing many subjects and which field suits them . especially in japan , students must choose their discipline before they enter the universities . therefore , i was frustrated to do it , and chose my current program of my university which allows you to study whatever you want while you are a undergraduate students . so i really appreciate this program . like this program , studying many things can give students a chance to choose . lastly , it brings you a lot of fun to studying many things . people naturally have curiosity to know many things and it should not be stopped . when i learn something new , i feel really happy and want to know more . for these reasons , i believe that to study many academic subjects than to specialize in one secific subject .
(SPA,high) The issue in hand is what the best way to travel in group is , with a guide tour or by their own . I agree that the best way of traveling is having a tour guide , especially when it is a group trip . There are many reasons why I think this is a better approach , but here I am going to mention three that I consider the most important ones . You can save time , money , and have the chance to visit more places . Now , let me tell you more about why I mentioned these three reasons . The first reason for which I agree that uaing the servicce of a tourist guide is a smart thing to do is because having a guide would saved the group some time . Because the chances of getting lost in a new place are really high , but if you do n't need to worry about finding directions , then you would be able to visit more places in the same period of time . Second , having a guided tour would save you and the group some money . For example , you would save money in gasoline since you wo n't have to drive around trying to find the places you want to visit during your trip , also the car rental fee would be chepaer because the whole gruop could ride in only one car . Finally , I agree that traveling with guidance is more effective because you be able to see more places , this for sure . A tourist 's guide is usually a local person , therefore he or she knows pretty well the area , and what is most important to me when I visit a new place , to learn about its history behind . So , in conclusion I agree with the idea that traveling with a guide is the best way to do it .
(CHI,high) The quality of successful people is usually discussed . Some say that they are more prone to be adventurers , trying new things and taking risks , rather than doing what they already know how to do well . From my view , I totally agree with this for the following reasons . Without trying new things , nothing can be created . When we look back what the great people in the past like Albert Einstein does , they made a lot of imaginative assumptions , and finally he revealed the famous physics equation and the great theory of relativity . All these discoveries have brought about many benefits to us since their establishments . Beside theories and discoveries , all inventions we usually every day would not exist should the great scientists did not try new things and take risks . Think about the richest person in the world , Bill Gate . he designed a software that our lives greatly rely upon it - Windows . Without the ventures and new ideas , our world is just the same compared to our ancestors ' . Not only scientists but many successful political leaders have this quality . For instance , the first American president , George Washington , taking the risk to be arrested or even killed , led people to overthrow the colonial rule . Others include the drafters of new ideologies like democracy and fair world trade . They dared to introduce and more importantly , to implement them . All these bring about significant impacts today , even they might live thousand years ago . Another reason supporting the statement is their faith to success . Their desire to find new things is a strong motivation for their work . If people do not try new things , they recognize all what he can do . There will not be new impacts on their lives . Consequently , they have less motivation to strive for success and are easily conceited with their past achievements . On the other hand , imagine a very diligent but conservative person who does merely whatever he knows . Eventually , he is just a master of the present knowledge . He cannot move further and stays at whatever he is . Without new things and ideas , it would turn out to a very boring world . Every thing repeats as it used to be and there is no surprise at all . Considering the above , we see that trying new things and taking risks are important attributes to successful people .
(KOR,medium) Many people travel alone or get a help from a guide . I like to say that If we travel by travel guides , then we can not go to the place that we want to go . If we use the services , we have to follow the schedules of tourists . I believe that the tours that are led by guides is more expensive than the touring alone . So I strongly disagree that we had better travel certain places by alone rather than traveling by traveling in a group . First , if we travel by travel guides , we can not go the the place that we want . Suppose you want to visit to the place that has a arcades and fun stuff . but the travel guide already planned to go to the temple or mountain . You might do n't want to go those places . According to the ideas , you have to go to the place that 's proper to your interest or hobby . You can not fit your interest into the tourist schedules . Second , traveling alone is going to be more cheap than traveling in a group . The guide company might charge extra money for the services . Because of that , you might spend more money from a tour that is not in your interest . So I would say that you definitely going to save money and get to the place that you want to go by traveling alone . In conclution , I discussed about traveling . On that topic I disagreed with the fact that we should travel in a group led by a tour guide . but traveling by tour guide would be not fun , it 's depends on your interest . The place that go should be decided by your interest . And It is very hard to match your interest with tourist schedules . And traveling by traval guide would cost you more than traveling alone . You can save a lot of money from that . Because of those opinion I strongly disagree with traveling ina group led by a tour guide .
(ITA,medium) In my opinion I think that the statement will probably not reflect the real vision of the future . In twenty years there will be hopefully more cars than today . Cars represent a material good which everyone in the modern society must have in order to keep up with the world outside . Whatever you do , you need a car . Wherever you go , you need a car . It 's definetely a must . That 's why i believe the amount of cars will increase in the future . Also , long distances are now an everyday part of life . Most of today 's jobs usually require a car in order to move , to go anywhere . In fact it is so common now to move from city to city for work , and many people find it easier to move by car , since the bad service of trains or planes end to be often annoying and stressing . In fact , when you have to catch a train , It often happens that the train is delayed . the same happens with planes . So you find yourselves waiting for hours at the train station or at the airport , telling yourself `` I should have used my car ! '' . That 's one of the reasons I do believe people would rather use their car than take a public transportation . Therefore , if people need to use the car , whoever does n't own one , will need to buy one , and that will increase the number of cars . Besides , I believe that we should also consider the young people in order to forsee that the numbers of cars will definetely increase in the next years . In fact we have to take into account how important are kids within the society . They represent the customers of the future . They will also be the cars ' buyers of the future . Young kids ca n't wait to turn eighteen years old only to get their driver licence . They look forward to have their own car , because they want to feel indipendent , free , they want to turn into adults finally . One of the feelings to feel a grown up man or woman is driving , owinig your car . your own car represent a piece of world of yours . Only yours . i think is the previous step of going living in your own apartment . Having a car means that a piece of your personal world is in that car . That 's why kids want a car so bad when they get their driver license . And since kids now are the future , the numbers of cars will grow for sure .
(TUR,high) Sucess also contains risks ... Why that is so ? The example is straightforward sucess requires optimal conditions . although there may be a number prerequisets for it , in this brief paper , I will discuss two of them ... One of them is effort and it inevitably contains risks . In order to become a successful academician one should work really hard . In a simplistic manner , he or she should spend lots of time for her or his studies . This might automatically , risks the family life of that person since she or he would not have enough time for the family members . There could be ceratin risks such as arguments about unfinished duties of that person . Even though it is an interpersonal level of analysis , it is clear that this situation requires certain adaptations for everyone . The student for instance have to learn effective working strategies in a more limitted time . It is certainly something different and new ( as compared to the days of less responsibility , for instance ) . One other important prerequiset is being innovative . Remember the scientist who were killed because of their ` new ' ideas . A person who would like to be innovative should accept the risks ... An academician for whose ideas does not suit with the conventions of the department he or she works for , might be an example . However , she or he should take such risks and show other faculty members that the ` old ways ' or ` old ideas ' should be given up . If this innovative approach would work ( say that other faculty members agree ) the person would be successful but there is always the risk of disapproval ... One could avoid certain accidents if she lies on the bed all day , do not do anything at home and let the time go . BUT you miss a life ... The logic is same ... If you do not care being successful , you do not take any risks and always follow the old ways ... BUT then you miss a chance ...
(TEL,medium) communites reffer to our friends , relatives , colliges nowadays every body are concerned about there own but not about communites every body are thinking about their own and their family only they are not intrested about any body they are not in a possition to care to some neddy people Yes i agree that young people now a days are not giving enough time for helping their communites because most of them think that this is not their work they are always thinking about their own family and themselvs some of them think that it is waste of time and money they also think that it is foolish to help others we can see such a type of people in our dialy life also for example if any . accidient occurs on a bussy road no body care about the feldown one no body will stop their vechiles and help hte accidient ones most them will be scolding them moving forward but they wont help them Like this we can take many examples in our dialy life only most of the youngesters are thinking that helping other communities wont help them they are thinking that many are there for helping them they will understand this when they are in needy . when we help others in any probelem they will help us when we are in problem no body are understanging this every body are thinking about their own they are in a mood that they wont gain anything by doing such a type of social work helping others in needy is a social work of every common man we should develop ourselves that by helping others we are removing others pain through our hands we can prove ourselves as humanbeings by giving our hands for help of others .
(HIN,low) Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities . I strongly disagree with this statement because nowadays young people are very liberated in their views . they are far more better educated then their parents or the older society . and this eduaction and knolwege help them to think which thing or deed is more beneficial for the whole socitey or their community . like , due the the knowledge of the science and technology they are in better position to help the community by gving them the information about epidamics and deasices like malaria , AIDS , hepititis A , B and C.and almost every young human being is doing so by just taking the jobs like scientist , doctors , working in a NGO , etc . secondly they know all the mistakes and wrong decision taken by their parents , relatives , society or even goverment in the past . for an example young people of every nation now do n't want war and they actively protest this . young people now are more interested in the progress of their own country . and thus they always trying to make the country better by working hard for the technological advancement , much better standard of living . they are more wiling to go outside their country to gain knowledge and use that in their own country . for an example many young people from developing countries go to another develpoed country for their higher studies and then after returning they use thier skills and knowledge to help the progress of their country . finally , young people always make sure that they do n't do anything which can harm in anyway their community or society .
(GER,medium) The question wheather it is generally really better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject is not easy to answer since it depends highly on the context . Undergraduate study courses should indeed offer the students a variety of subjects so they gain a broad knowledge of different areas . Then , this knowledge can function as a basis to specialize in postgraduate studies . I consider both the gain of broad knowledge as a first step and the specialization in one subject as a second step to be very important for the following reasons : On the one hand , due to technical invention , among others the improved communication means , contemporary knowledge is growing faster than ever before in the past . No human is able to learn everything that has been discovered by scientists so far . In conclusion , the attempt to gain a deeper knowledge in each academic area must fail . One can only gain a deep knowledge in very limited subjects . Therefore , specialization is necessary since science need researchers who are experts in the area they are working . On the other hand , for the same reason that the world is much more connected than it used to be , there is also the need for every student to have a basic knowledge of other areas than the one he is specializing in for different sciences are more connected and work together more often than in the past . In conclusion , basic broad knowledge is necessary as a basis to specialize in one certain area .
(CHI,medium) In my opinion , I agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . First , sometimes the what we see or hear is not the fact . like long time ago people think the earth is a rectangle , because the roads are flat . But after several years of searching and experience , now the fact become that the earth is like a ball . So it is important to underatnad the ideas and concepts , then we wo n't be cheated by what we see by our limited vision . Second , it is important to understand ideas and concepts because it 's the way for us to get the truth and concepts . For example , after a stuent learned and understand the ideas and concepts , then they can use it to discover or create new stuff . I think that 's why we envent lost of new things like car and plain to make our life easier . So i believe that understand ideas and concepts are more important for student . Third , it is more important for student to understand the ideas and concepts because in this way , student start to think , and become creative . They can use their imagination to creat new ideas and conceptes , and their imagination is not limited by the facts . It 's a good way to encourage student to search , think and find the answer they want . So it is not that important to let the student learn the facts . In conclusion , I believe that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . Because in this way student can imagine and think freely , and creat new things that 's unique . And it 's good for us to find the truth and real facts .
(JPN,medium) I agree the statement of `` young peple nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . '' I would like to explain the reasons of my thought in the following passage . In my home town , there is an event for cleaning up the river in the town every year . Parents usually join to such annual event . And they always complain us that more and more young people should join to the event , because they are also responsible for such task by using their river . The young people are more powerful than the elder people , so their join would be helpful . But the young people , including me , are not willing to join such event . One of the reaseon why they are not in such event is that there are no disadvantage or punishment for not to join to such event . If there are some disadvanteges in such attitudes , it is most likely for young people to join such event . This is because they do not think that giving their time to helping their communities are their duties or obligations . Young people are less depend on their communities , because social system for helping all the people in our country has been introduced so they are not required their communities 's help . So they do not want to wast their time for the communities . The young people today is busier than those of the past . The business world today is very rapid and young people today in such world are required to spend almost their all time for doing their own business . So it is very likely to that young people today do not have enough time to share time to helping their communities . From the factors and reasons above , young people today do not give enough time to helping their communities .
(TEL,high) The term `` Knowledge '' as we see has a ample number of branches to be described . One such branch that we are about to see is that of a students academics . A man is simply a learner in his own life . Lets consider the case of an individual when he is in childhood stage . As a child he learns to crawl , eat , play etc . In this context he is a learner to go through all the varied functionalities associated to him . Later comes the stage of being a grown up boy . Here would prefer to walk on the ground rather than crawling , thus his interest has got confined . In a similar way when we consider the case of a individual pursuing his academics . Its would be better to excel in one specific subject rather than going through various subjects . This would be beneficial not only to the individual but also to the career that he opts for . Consider the case of an Engineer , if he is made to go through the subjects like , Politics , Medicine etc. then it would be infered that the chances of becoming an Engineer are bleak . The same case may not be applicable to all other cases . When we take the above case of an sucessful Engeineer we can clearly state in the maximum cases that , the inividual has had a plenty of overview of his interest and the subjects that he has studied . On the other hand a person with only confined knowledge would excel only in his choosed field rather than being aware of the happenings around him . Lets take the case of any political leaders . As we know leaders are not born as leaders , they are the people coming from different fields . A leader may be a doctor , engineer , farmer etc . So the individual as a leader has to be aware of all the happenings going around him and also his region , province , country etc . Thus here in this case we can say that a mere confined knowledge is not enough to be a perfect individual . So we can say that the method of having a broad knowlege of academic subjects depends upon how an individual approaches it , rather than making it a controversial methodology
(TUR,medium) What makes a person successful : following an already established success formula or trying new things with all kinds of risks involved ? This may appear a confusing query given the attractiveness of minimal effort for maximal return , nevertheless thanks to several factors including importance of quantum leaps and forcing the limits make risk taking ability and propensity to try new things real virtues of a successful figure . Changes in life may occur in stepwise manner , however it is that quantum leaps that drives the world . This paradigm shifts are solely based on new ideas that were not tried before . A change so immense , cannot be a product of existing practises and necessitates people who are willing to try new ideas with all the risks involved . Henry Ford 's Assembly line was one of the good examples which contained a totally new approach in manufacturing cars and proved to be one of the most crucial steps towards industrializatio Without any desire to change the parameters by trying and pursuing new ideas many succesful people cannot be forced to their limits . Following the usual paths and graduation from college may be a good option for many , but Bill Gates ' motivation pushed him into a figurehead computer actor who revolutionized all the facets of computer environment by developing a new operating system . Guideline to ordinary success may be easily proposed by many , still real gains always requires a desire to try new ideas and possesion of a risk taking character .
(TEL,medium) I agree that `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . I say this because of the following reasons . 1. Young ones will be having a lot of time to have fun when compared to the older ones . The older people will be busy in work and they will not be having that much free time which the young ones get . Even though it sounds rude it is a fact . 2. The Young ones obviously will have less responsibilities and works to do . But the older ones will be having more responsibilities and works to do . They have to maintain their houses . Do their works without rests inorder to survive with the family . Here the young ones dont feel this responsibility . They are free they can enjoy in their own ways . It is obvious that as age increases responsibilities increases and also the burden of work . 3. Statistics say that young ones are very energetic and enthusiastic and its obvious that there is adrenaline rush more when compared to the older ones . But the older ones are not that energetic and not that enthusiastic just to mention not in all cases . There are also healthier old ones who are enthuisiastiv and energetic but i mention on an average basis . 4. A older guy will be restricted mostly to office doors , research labs , industries and other organisation 's . They spend a lot of time over there . But coming to the young ones they enjoy leaning in school because the education is combined to entertainment to make Edutainment . In college also the learning would be interesting makes the student to say `` WOW '' where as the older ones say `` oh no '' with the burden of work . Again i mention many of the old ones enjoy their jobs and work they get involved . 5. Kids enjoy their times in school they play , learn with nothing to feel responsible and they are the free birds they can do what they wish in proper sense . Teens enjoy their times in college by learning , playing sports , having chat with friends , they make love with people around them . They have parties , club activities and many more to enjoy . They have a lot of free time to develop their skills , involve in their subject of interest . They are free birds . In the case of older guys they can do this only on one condition `` If there is time '' . Conclusion : ************** I do believe that anyone can enjoy their life at any age if and only if they have the heart to do so . I have written in favor of young ones because i felt that it is happenning most in my society . One should have the heart to enjoy every moment . One should feel that LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL . Every moment is precious . Life is precious gift .
(JPN,high) I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . I have two reasons to support my opinion . First of all , I believe an understanding of a concept will lead to further understandings . For instance , without the primary understading of how Muslim is practiced and worshipped , one will not be able to fully understand why a certain ritual exists in that religion . By understanding ideas of a fact , one will also be able to develop his or her ability to think , and to interconnect different aspects of numerous information on various topics . An example will be understading the concept of Darwin 's evolution theory . Through this understanding , a student will not only learn a new biological fact , but he or she will also be able to connect this information in a history class when a discussion on the Industrial Revolution ( the time period when the theory was first introduced ) . The student will learn that the revolution had allowed quick spread of the scientsit 's idea than before . With the combination of the biological and historical aspects of Darwin 's theory , the student will be able to recognize the difficulty the scientist faced when he had informed the society his new idea , and had received many criticisms about it . Secondly , I am against simply learning facts , because I seek no point in merely memorizing a piece of information . Even is one was able to answer a question correctly , if the person was unable to explain the reasons for the answers , not much credit can be given . Let 's say a man knew that mixing an imputiry in water will lower its melting point . Even if he did know that fact , if he did not know how this could help him in a real life situation , how much would this knowledge mean to him ? What would be the point in knowing such thing ? On the other hand , if the man had the understanding that an impurity lowers water 's melting point , his understanding will allow him more thinking , integrating this fact to the other knowlegde the man possesses . The man will incorporate his knowledge that salt is an impurity , that snow is also a form of water , and that the ground becomes slippery when snow melts . As a result , he knows that he can pour salt over snow to prevent it from melting quickly , preventing people to slip . With these reasons , I belive it is more important for students to understand ideas than to learn just the facts
(ARA,low) In fact , i totalt 100 % agree with that statement . while you are traviling with your friends , ithink that you must chose a leadar for that trip for many sevril resons : - 1 - the trip will be orginized . 2 - there will be much more fun . 3 - there will be no fighting to where to go to . these are some of so many resons . however , i think that the leader should be fun and seriose at the same time , becuse that helps to see many places in the new town or city that the group is visiting . Last but not least , i sujest to all the people whome want to visit a new country or a new trip , that they should chose a leader to help the trip to went very well , and that is my opinion .
(ARA,medium) According to Carl Marx : '' A person older than you in one minute is a hundred time wiser '' . Nowadays learning is a priority in every civilised man 's life . No one could live in th 21st century without having a minimum of khowlege . To be a succesfull and wise person your khowlege should be widespread in severlas fields and deep in one of these domain . In this modern way of living , working in any field oblige you to be knowledeable in many domains . For example a person that is managing a juice industry should khow about plant managing , mechanical engeneering ( to fixe the machines ) , finance , marketing ... That shows hoe knowlege has no limites and every one of us should seek for learning as much as he can . A broad khowlege increases the number of fields we can work in . That 's the only way we could developp our potential and increase our chances to succed in this challeging and competing woking fields . On the other hand if a person is not specialised in a specific subject she ca n't be a leader in any working domain . every one of us should have not only a broad khnolege , but also a deep study in a certain field . For exmple this same plant manager should show to the employees that he is superior than them in a certain field like marketing . That knowlege will help him to find new advertising tricks that will increase the sales . In the marketing part of this industry he will be a leader and will be respected by every won . In summary , both broad khowlege and specialisation are important . The first provides a bigger choice of working fields and the second gives us the oppurtinity to be a leader in a certain domain .
(HIN,high) Broad view of all the acedamic subjects gives you an overview of all subjects . It helps the person decide which subject he is really interested in . It helps him in choosing his career . However for higher studies one should always specialize in one subject . I believe that specialization in a specific field is better than to have broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects . Firstly specializing in a particuar subject gives you an in-depth understanding of the subject . It helps in understanding of the finer details . Careers can be built in that particular subject of interest . Like doctors do masters in a particular field eg : cardiology , pathology etc . Then they can treat patients having particular disorders like the cardiologists treating heart patients . They can concentrate on one thing and really become a pro at that . This helps both the patients and doctors . Secondly specializing give an in-depth knowledge ofthe subject . One can reasearch an a particularly interesting topic and probably invent something in it . It gives an added edge to the person . Moreover it develops the person 's interest into it . Like after learning about networking it really increased my interest in the different types of protocols of networking etc . If given a chance I would really like to work in that field . I feel that it is necessary to have many subjects at the beginning during the undergraduate years where one is not sure about his or her own interests . Learning all subjects would help one decide their subject of interest in which they would like to have a career . However once decided it is better to do specialization in one particular subject of interest . Thus it is necessary to do aspecialization in one subject of interest .
(KOR,high) Many people prefer to travel with groups with tour guides , but I totally do not agree with this way of travel . There are number of disadvantages if someone choose to make a group tour with guides . Such as lack of flexibility of the schedule , loosing the oppotunities to meet new friends and inconvinience caused by the large group . First of all , the schedule is not flexible for the guided group tours . Let us assume that you are on a trip . If you are in the group , all you can do is just folloing the guide and listen to him/her . On the other hand , if you make your own trip , you can go to anywhere you want and whenever you want . If you feel tired from hiking yesterday , you can sleep a couple of more hours if you want . The second reason that I do not prefer the group tour is that I do not want to loose the oppotunity to get close to native people . The hilight of a trip can be making new friends from all over the world . I simply cannot afford to loose the chance to make a conversation , exchange political opinions and so on . Finally , if you are in a group , it takes much more time to move to another place . For example , if you are waiting in the line in the airport , you have to still wait for your company even though you are finished with your process . However , if you are alone or with a small group , you do not have to waste your time to wait for the people whom you really do not know . In my opinion , true travel has to made up by travelers themselves so that they can experience more and feel more . The most important thing you can get from a travel is how much you felt and experienced , not how many places you have been or see .
(HIN,medium) I totally agree with this point .. that more succesful the person will be more risks or more new achievments will be given a thought . As it is saying . Success is not journey like Life it is destination and every body has to accept it . Becuase nobody is perfect in this world and everybody do have a learning curve . So , To achieve all these with success . One has to take risk to try something new or to achieve some thing new . Doing the same thing will not yeild profits and fame for a long time . Being improvised in new things is also a important factor . It can be stated with such an example . Our Scientists were successful in making ROCKETS . but to prove it to society and science that they works the way it should . It should be shown practically and for showing it practically they have to take risk by sending them into space with HUMANS . It was a big risk . But they took the chance and also got success . If they had thought that , using rockets will be dangerous . They could have stopped making them and even not using them in future . It is completely like this saying . Winners and Successful people do n't do the same things repeatidly . They do things differently . and for doing it differently . Risk has to come . The knowledge that is engraved in people can be crafted in more suitable manner , By taking chances and imparting that previous knowledge in inventing some thing new by introducing some new ideas , facts , thinking and risk . Because no body knows will it work for the very first time . It may not . So ending the part here only . I strongly supports and agree to the point . that Successful people try new things by taking risk . Not believing on fact that the Knowledge they have is more than enough because again NO ONE IS PERFECT and EVERYBODY have a LERANING CURVE .
(JPN,medium) I agree to this statement . First , the technologies are growing so I think there will be more better transportations invented . Using cars has many demerits like traffic jam and car accidents . Recently I see many car accidents on the news report . Especially by the drunk drivers . I think there were be more better invension after twenty years . Also , recently , the increasing of the carbon dioxide has been a serious problem in the world . It causes global warming which is very serious . This causes the ices in the north and the south poles melt . Then the sea levels increases and many lands will be covered with sea waters . There are already an island that has been influenced by this problem . So Japan has been working on to decrese the carbon dioxide such as the Kyoto protocol . I think the main cause of the increasing of the carbon dioxide is the cars . The fossils and oils pollutes the air and increases the carbon dioxide . So I think the best way to solve this problem is to forbid cars . In twenty years , this problem will be more serious in the Earth . Many countries will be influenced by this and I think there were be no more solution other than to lessen cars . From these reasons I think there will fewer cars than today after twenty years .
(SPA,high) At the beginning of the 21st century , the increasing number of cars in use worldwide is a key environmental issue . It does not only affect the level of pollution in the air but it also amplifies the green house effect and it seriously endangers the sustainability of the earth 's energy ressources . Although some important signs show a general willigness to reduce the number of cars in use , I believe the current trend is very difficult to change . On the one hand , it is visible that there are clear forces trying to influence the increase in the number of cars . The environmental consciousness of the public is more important than ever and could be a good driver for the reduction of the number of cars as citizens themselves decide to not use or use less frequently their cars to protect the environment . There are also several policies put in place by givernments , mostly in Western countries , to try to reduce the usage of cars . These policies include for instance , the development of public transports , the closure of some roads or city centers to cars or incentives given to drivers to share btheir cars to go to work . However , I belive other factors will hamper the reduction of the number of cars in use . In fact , one important reality once has to face is that the environment concern is more widespread in Western countries , which do not represent the majority of the earth populiation . In parallel to the environmental movements that are growing in developped countries , there are many developping countries that are growing very fast . And people in those countries seems to be very eager to achieve the same standards of living as we have in western countries , and this includes access to cars . For all those resons , I do n't belive the number of cars in use will decrease in the next twenty years although it is necessary to achieve a sustainable development of the planet .
(FRE,medium) The primary role of advertisement is to increase a firm 's profit by boosting the sales of a product . To achieve that goal , the firm has to show the most attractive part of the thing they want to sale . To make something really attractive , advertisers have to prove the potential customers , that their product is better than each other . That 's why a lot of them have the desire to embellish their product . For example , in each car advertisement , we hear that this specific car is the best one , and that girls will love you because you own it . So we could consider that such a tv spot try to make the car much better than it really is . Nonetheless , I 'm convinced that men who watch or read such an advertisement know that girls wo n't love them more just because they own that car . But they keep the spot in mind and the more they see the car , the more they could desire to own it . So in that case , advertisers have accomplished their mission , because they have succeded in increasing the car sales . Moreover there are a lot of precise rules which make that an advertiser must not lie on the skills of a product . If we go back to the example of the car , a spot must not claim that the car has an airbag if he has n't . Even if they can find a way to make their products seem very beautiful or very good , the law sets some limits , and the firms must n't do what they want with the advertisement . Finally , in a certain extent , the law provides a security for the customers , because they can be sure that the description of an object will be the same than in an advertisement . But I know that firms often find guiles to make things seem more beautiful to be more competitive .
(GER,medium) Before going into medias race , I would like to show up some dependencies as there are nature , recouces in terms of engery like oel and human oppinion and fashion etc . If they all stay as they are at the moment ( no increase of katastrophes , alternative engeries , and having a car will still be a previlige and not unfeshioned ) cars in use will be found in far bigger numbers in twenty years . Sice scientists and examinations say the world wide oel-recources will last formore than 50 years and we still wo n't have any opportunities to cars , there will be much more cars in use than today . One reason is , that pruducer release one new model after another in marginal peroides . NAd that often in competition with other brands . An other point is that used , demolished and old cars are not dumped but resold or shiped to some poor country , where they 're beeing rebuild to run for many years . At the same time population is increasing and more costomers get on the market , what also will have an effect on the numbers of cars in use . If humanity is not changing its perspective of using cars instead of some other , might be futures way of transportation we 'll end in the picture I painted above . Cars are our all favorite way of getting from one point to another , so we wo n't change out of a free will . In mz oppinion the only way to reduce number of cars is to put taxes ie . on them , or at least on the gazoline thez use . On practical example migth be Calefornia , where Gouvener Schwarzenegger tries with these methods to get hold of the car - and with it the enviromental problem .
(TUR,medium) The topic of that weather to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects that to specialize in one specific subject is a very controversial issue . There can be several arguments that support that being a specialize on one topic is better because you have enough knowlegde for the work that you do properly . However , when we look at the topic in terms of business life and academic life it is obvious that to have a broad knowledge of academic subject is better . One of the advantageous of having a broad knowledge of many academic subject can be seen in business life . By the expanding of the globalization , now it is important that if one have several subject backround for him or her it is easier that to be able to make relation with several people . In several business companies , there can be need for a different type of people for different topic anytime . In such a case if one have broad knowledge about many academic subject i mean If he or she have enough knowlegde to make that job , the job is going to be offered for him or her , In addition to that the people have broad knowledge can have a chance to be promoted . Second advantangeous of having broad knowledge about several academic topic can be seen in academic career itself . When one wants to be make a academic career but if he or she does not sure about the fields of the careers , he or she can have more options to choose . In addition to that by using the broad knowledge one can easily change their field if he or she does not want to continue that field becasue of some reason . In other words , the interchangability of the study field can be possible with a broad knowledge . In conclusion , the advantageouses of having broad knowledge rather than having specialize in one specific subject can be seen in both business and academic career . When we look at the business career , by having a broad knowlegde it is more easy that one can change his or her department or be promoted in his or her department . In addition to that when the academic career is examined it is obvious that being broad knowlegde about academic subjects makes the decide of the choosing the appropriate study fields easier . So , having a broad knowlegde is better .
(GER,high) I diagree with this statement : In my opinion you should concentrate on one - or at most two - academic subjects . The first reason you should do so is that academic subjects and modern sciences have developed to a pretty high level . Furthermore , a lot of ways to specialize - meaning minor topics - are available in each distinct subject . Thus , you may not gain the abilities and experience which is necessary to work as a profession in a certain subject , if you do not concentrate on this single one eagerly . Second , if you keep on wandering among too many subjects during your time at college or university you may easily loose track of what you are heading for with your education . On the contrary , if you stick to one paticular subject there will not be too much difficulty in earning a master 's degree in this one within a usual period of time . I have made the experience of studying mathematics and physics both as majors at the same time myself . Although these subjects are definetely related to each other and one might guess that there are a lot of connections which make it easier to advance in these ones than it would be with any different combination , it still is very demanding : Working on both subjects has taken almost all of my time and thereby did not leave much room for leisure activities not related to university . Furthermore , I sometimes felt like being lost in a sea of too many choices : As a result of my intense studies I got to know really a lot of minor subjects which I could specialize on in my diploma thesis and most of which seemed to be interesting . Thus , I felt like sticking at a point where it was hard to make a decision ; had I not started off with both subjects , the decision which topic to work on would be easier , as I would not have come in touch with so many promising topics . In addition , it would definitely not be possiple for me to work on one more subject no matter how few the additional workload might be . Finally , instead of working on too many subjects , I would recommend everyone to train his so called `` soft skills '' . This means that people should try to engage in community activities and social programms rather than working on another academic subject . This will give them a sense of how to work with different people , which is really important for their future carrer : For business as well as for university research it is important to effectively work , discuss and find proper solutions together with other persons . Resulting from these reasons my conclusion is that you should not try to master as many academic subjects as possible , but rather try to concentrate on one academic subject and different social activities .
(TEL,low) Yes , I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . hence I eleborate below . Students must know ideas concepts with this only the learn facts . In schools universities they learn ideas and concepts with education . By this knowledge they can learn facts . If they understand the ideas and concept they can do what they want to do . With this they will suceed . Learning facts means by experince . After concepts only we can learn . Students has to understand ideas and concepts so that they can learn facts fastly . Without concept we cannot learn facts . Hence on weighing pros and cons the statement is agreed . The importance for students to understand ideas and concepts . later they can learn facts . Strike the iron when it is hot . Facts are the past records and experience .
(CHI,medium) Yes , I agree this statement . For nowadays the young people do n't give enough time to helping their communities . Say the truth , I think the young people do not care anything beside themselves . Why I say that they do n't care anything beside themselves . For exapmle , we can see all the trash near our communities and there are no one to pick it up . We can see the pinte on the wall . We can see there is no one to heip old people cross the stree . That make our communities more and more cool in live . If we do more there can have more warm into . Because they do not care so ther are more problem happened . Like housband hite the wife and kids , old people died in ther own house for several days and young people stolen from the ladies pack . All the young people only care where can go for play ? And go shopping . Is that right ? In my opoion , I think we can do more for the communities . Like have a center for old people to go . And the center have more young people to care the old people . Because lot of old people are very lonely . Young people can give them more power in live . And young people can learn more experense from them . I 'm a young people . But I will spend more time to helping communities . On the weekend I will go to the communities center for a class . I teach piano to people for free . There are students , old people and the house wives . Every time I finish my teaching I feel good . I know today I do the right think . There is more means in my live . I believe that make young people spend more time to helping their communities is good . That we call communities education . That will make our socity better and teach how to care other people .
(SPA,medium) In my opinion , travel in group with a tour guide is not a good way of travelling . Duo to you have to schedule your time at the time that tour guide told you . And if you want to do others activities you just cant , because you have to go to the specific parts that were assignated for you since you choose to travel with a tour guide . In one hand , you cant go to visit places that you are more interested to go , in first place because you are travelling with a group of people and have to be togheter all the time . therefore you cannot live them and go to somehere else . Sometimes , it happens that you are looking something good for you in a store while you are walking round there , and you really want to buy it , but the problem is that you will not make any stop there with your travel group , so you have to leave , because the tour guide have rush on time , and he is hurring you , so you dont have the chance even to go through the store and see if the stuff isnt good for you . As far as i am concerned , if you go on a travel with a group and led you by a tour guide , you always go up on the travel bus , and all that you can see is through the window , and sometimes you even cant see anything , because the bus going fast . On the other hand , you cant really know the real places you are visiting for , because in my opinion the best way of visit a city is going by your own or with a group of friends that they likly to go with you and agreed to the thinks you wanna do during the trip . In conclusion , it is possible that you can travel with a tour guide , but only if you are not interested in the city your are visiting , or if you are in a hurry and you just want to see the most relevant places you are interested .
(GER,medium) I would like to dicuss on the question if young people nowadays do n't help enough in their communities . By thinking about this notion the question arises what is the communitie for the teenagers today . Is it their household , their family , is it the life at school or their position in the society ? All these settings changed like everything changed in the world . In the consequence of new aspects in their life and new influences which affect on them , a new realtion to all of the cummunities , which could exist for a teenager , is build . So you cannot compare the attitudes of helping in a community from nowadays with the situation 20 or more years ago . You could juxtapose the societies and communties in realtion to the helping of teenagers at this time . Before around 40 years all people neede the community to stay alive . This dependence is one of the mainfacts why the attitude of teenagers with helping in nower time is another one than 40 years ago . I agree with the position that they do not help as much as around 40 years ago but I 'm opposed with the statement that they do n't help enough . Everybody will feel if they need to help more than now , but just now our the society is fed up with people who wants to work and cannot work because of the less jobs . Anther point is the communitiy at home - the family . It could be that there 're a lot of children and teenagers how do n't care about their family and the staff in it . I would not mention that the parents have the foult at this situation , the social sorrounding of their children influence them more than any other asepect . I 'm convinced that something have to change in this . But for reasons already stated I would suggest that the development of the society is the reason for that . The teenagers do n't need their parents anymore , or they think . Because the reality shows that those children who run away from their home , or those who does n't care on their family they will not be succesfull in their future . They think they can use their time much better that spending time with their parents . All things considered I would state that there is no problem with the realtion between the society , the state and the young teenagers because at this time they are not used to work or give their power to the general society , but in realtion to their family I totally agree with the given statement . I is justified to say that there have to change anything to cope with the now situation . They have to realise that they need their pa
(CHI,high) `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . '' According to this sentence I come up with many ideas , and I would like to say that I agree with this statement . I have traveled in many countries , such as Japan , America , Canada , Australia and Korea . Most of the times I visited other countries by a tour guide . The best thing about a tour guide is that they have been there before , so they are very familiar with there . They know all the best parts of those countries , so they will show us in a order time . In addition , a tour guide will book everything for you , for example , hotel , restaurant , parks , buses ... They know all the times ! For example , when has a big event or show , when the parks are open , when the restaurants close , and where the places the visitors have to go during what time . They also know which hotel is cheaper , but still nice enough to let us sleep comfortable , so we wo n't have to worry about where we are going to sleep tonight . Furthermore , they will tell you how to get to the place you want to go , and tell you what you should buy down there because it 's cheap and can help you to keep memories . They also will tell you what kinds of restarants are around here , and which one is famous , so you do n't need to waste a lot of time on thinking what you should have for dinner . However , because you are in a group , so if someone is late , you have to wait until all the people in your group together ; on the other hand , you wo n't spend too much time in one place because you do n't have much time and they still have many places they are going to show you . In conclusion , I think travel in a group led by a tour guide is a great thing if you do n't want to book everything by yourself . It is also a good thing if you do n't know how to drive or never been to there before because someone familiar with there will show you around so you do n't need to worry about it . Therefore , I like to travel with a tour guide very much .
(TUR,high) The best way to travel can never be achieved by being in group with a tour guide . Being in a group and being led by a tourguide means you are completely restricted to the wishes of the group which is the decision of the majority of the group about where to go and restricted to the directions and the information provided by the tour guide . The best way to travel can be achieved by a very well self-planned tour beforehand the travel . This way , you are completely free to choose where to go , where to stop and from where to get information about the place you go . If you choose a self-planned travel , you are completely free to chose where to go . Otherwise , with a group of people , the decision is restricted to the choise of the majority of the group . Therefore , you have to select their choice . For example , for the Thanksgiving Holiday , you may want to visit New York . However , your friends suggest that you should go altogether and pick up a tour bus in New York which is guided by a tour guide . If you choose to travel with them , you can only see the places that is covered by the route of the tour bus instead of choosing the places freely , and you can learn only from the tour guide instead of talking the people in streets of New York . You may want to see the SoHo , but , the route of the tour bus may not include SoHo area in New York . Therefore you will not be satisfied with this travel . Second , you cannot choose where to stop during the travel . If you choose to travel in a group in the guidance of a tour guide , there will be some certain places to stop , that are predetermined before the travel . Other than those places you will be unable to stop whenever you wish . For instance , if you are travelling in a school bus in the guidance of the teacher , you can only see the places that are chosen by your teacher . You will be unable to stop some other places you might wish to see and talk to residents of the area . It can be a travel to Florida from Philadelphia , and if the teacher does not want to stop in Washington , you will miss the opportunity of seeing Washington and talking the people in Washington . Another constraint of travelling in a group led by a tour guide is that you are not free to choose the source of information about the place that you are travelling . For instance , suppose that you are in Turkey , and you are to take a tour bus that goes to Kapadokia , which is one of the wonders of Turkey , led by a tourguide . You will be unable to talk to residence of Kapadokia who live in very small and old villages . You will not have the opotunity to gain knowledge about the history and the civil life from its residents point of view . How detailed could the tour guide 's instructions be ? Summing up , travelling in a group led by a tourguide is very restrictive . You almost do not have any preference on choosing where to go , where to stop and where to get information from about the place you visit . Given those constraints , the best way of travelling is a self-planned travel with your own .
(CHI,high) I agree with the statement that states young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their own communities because i feel that the youth of the nation in today 's scenario is more exposed to different things in life in terms of advancement in the technology and achievements in global comunications and world 's infrastructure . The teenagers have greater accessibility to things in life than in early days . The question of helping the society or do something beneficial for others seems less important to them , for many reasons that keep them preoccupied and also for the fact that nowadays , most parents do not teach their children about society 's development , hygeine and may also hardly find any peer groups who will be interested in any social activity . What keeps them involved in themselves and staying aloof in their own world is the improvement in technology and communication where most teenagers would want to experiment new things and the urge of trying various new gadgets and the resources for gaining more knowlegde where they can boost to their peers . The entertainment industry also plays a major role here where the youth would want to be updated with all da latest movies , T.V shows and music . The arrival of networking systems and the internet gives the youth more accessibility to things in any part of the world at any time . Within clicks , the information is present in front of them and be it on any subject matter . The night life in pubs and clubbing is another method of socializing and keeping themselves partied with the high music blasts and tapping of the floor . The sports is anther craze for the youth to be busy involved into , be it Formula1 Race , Football , Tennis or Cricket . Therefore , with the entertainment packages and the encylopedia at their hand the youth nowadays hardly cares for their own society but themselves . It is so much possible that they dont even find the time for the ocassional get togethers within their own communities . Leave alone communities , may be for their own family members . Everyone is so involved in their own daily tasks and routine , that even though it becomes mundane at a point , the youth will definately keep themselves occupied with something new to explore and learn . But will not think of helping their own communities . The youth are not to be blamed here completely as it requires the awarenes and the sense of responsibility towards their own society which can be brought only by their own parents and elders and ofcourse the education that they are receiving . The shows on tv also to a certain extend do influence the youth . Therefore , more shows and programs should be telecasted and more films should be made to bring about the awareness within the youth . As the society we come from protrays the kind of person we are and th eliving standards we have .
(JPN,medium) Alwasy sucucessful pepole do new things that other pepole do not wwant to try . Charanging new things has a risks . Many pepole do not want to have risks . However , doing same things do not bring new oportunitys to get a sucesess . I strongly agree this statement . When I worked in Japan as a nurse , there are a lot of nurses in a hospital . Half of them have worked in the same hospital for a long time . Half of them are nurses who have changed many times to work place . nurese who work same place for a ling time tend to have consabative ideas . They do not change new way of care style . Of course , keeping traditional styles is important , but sometimes it is old fashion . Nowadays , medical skills are improving and also needs of patients are chanigng ; therefore nurses need change the way of care style or the way of thinking . Nurses who work in different hospital have a lot of experences for patients and the wat of careing for patients . Their ideas are very useful and adovantage . Many nurese think changing work place make them nurvas and hard to adjust new circumstances . However , it is good poprtunity to get now knowledges to have new experiences . In Japan . many pepole tend to work same place and do not want to change their job because its style is very traditional . Japanese pepole think changing or starting new things is not good and keeping same things is good things . However , many pepole are not surtisfid their job and they always complain about their job . Consequently , a person who be sucsessful always charenge new things even tyhough they do not succeed soon . Doing new things give us a lot of oportunities and new experiences .
(FRE,low) I agree with this statement . I think it is really important to understand ideas and concepts because thus you can open your mind and you can be more aware . Learning facts and do not understand them is unuseful at all . Everybody could learn and learn and do not understand a thing . Where the interest is ? You should understand first , like that you could have an idea about the subject and you could have an opinion , your own opinion . Just learn is not useful in daily life , you can talk about that you just learned because you still remember but you cannot really discuss about it because you did not understand the main idea or the concept . However you should learn thing that you are be able to understand to remember it in the future . To understand an idea or a concept help you to remind it . To conclude both of understanding and learning are important , but you should understand first before to learn , after that you are going to be able to learn without difficulties it will be easier for you .
(TUR,medium) Does successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing nothing what they allready know how to do well ? In my opinion , answer of this question is yes they do . First of all if one person know everything about one issue and he has done lots of achievement before he wouldnt scare or worry about trying new things or taking risk . For example after World War1 , Ottoman Empire lost war than all our country had been occupied by another countries . In that time only one person , called Mustafa Kemal , had came up and took all the risk to survive our country . He was general in Ottomans army and had lots of achievements previous wars . Altough there were another generals in army he was the leader of new Turkish . Why ? First he was confident , knew every detail about his puplic and his enemy . He was organized and had analysied everything . He didnt scare to try to organize youngs and started to independence war against the countries that occupied our land . He didnt have any oppurtinuty to get back our freedom again except fight . He had a lot enemy even from Turkish because they didnt believe him . In 1919 he came to Anatolia to organize new Turkish army and established new repuplic . Besides all negative economic conditions and for some people only has 1 % chance he did it . Yes it took more than three years and cost maybe millions of dead but he gave our freedom back . He established Republic of Turkey on 29 October 1923 . In that year President of United Kingdom said one of his speech `` Every age one genious comes to the world unfortunately this age has come to Turkey '' . Like he said Mustafa Kemal was a genious and it means a lot to me . To concluede if one person successful and already know things how to do well
(ITA,medium) This is the first time in the history of the humanity that the man is in a not-return point : the environmental condition of the our planet are very difficult because we are abused too much of the resources that the Earth can give us . We cannot mantain anymore our life condition because of the price to pay is too hight . Is a reality that the environment and our way to manage it need a change . The huge presence of the cars in all cities of the world is maybe the principal cause of the world pollution . Unfortunelly our economic system is based on resource that add pollution to the already present pollution . The main example is the oil . Search , found , and utilise the oil comport a lot of danmage in the environment . Before to have to choise an hursch and improvise change we can try to find different solution to change deeply our economic system . The alternative resource present in the environment need more financial aids and more attencion by the big economic companies . These alternative resources are the energy of the wind , the sun and the warmness of the earth . It 's very impotant to give attencion to these differents solutions , because one day , and mostly my generation , we will have the dury to change our point of view .
(JPN,low) Some people think that young people do not spend their time to do something that is beneficial for their society . But I do not agree this opinion . The most primary reason for this is that modern many university student are much more ready to be the one of member of workers than those in the past . some illustrations of that is they join internships , experience the works as a part-time job , and study abroad to master English . My fatehr said to me that he did not have to study or experience work like today . Moreover , as people can prolong teir lives , young people have to help them nowadays . It is critisized that there are so many old people in Japan , where I live in . I think that It is only young people who can help with their living . To summerize above passege , young people nowadays cannot help giving much more time to help thir community as the system of teir society is changing .
(TUR,medium) To travel is one way to learn and extend our horizons about the world and life . I have some important reasons to travel without a tour guide . Yes , I do n't prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide although I cannot deny its pros . I believe to experience new things in your own world for yourself should be private . You do n't have to give up from your freedom as well . Secondly , when we do n't have any schedule to follow travel may be more relaxing and be more stretching to expose things which are not familiar to us . One of my aim to travelling is to experience new things and be faced with beautiful or ugly things during this travel . To read about one place 's history brings a mental challenge and gives deeper and extensive knowledge about that place . To find out the most beautiful but hidden places are unique experiences for me . Also , not to follow a tour guide that means not be tied by a incoherent group can give much space for your discovery . You wo n't have rush to follow any schedule or you wo n't wait someone whom is taking your time at all . It may seem harsh thought but I count on my experiences . In sum , I suppose that I am more individiulastic one that led my decision favor of travelling without a tour guide . I like expose and experience freely and myself .
(GER,high) It is difficult to answer this question . Young people have all their lifes ahead , everything is new . They have their dreams that they hold on to , and they are , usually , full of hope . Older people on the other hand , have learned a lot already , and acquiered some wisdom . They see life and certain things like love less complicated . They had their experiences and are much cooler than when they were young . But young people have the advantage to be healthier and full of power and strength to live their youth and to make experiences themselfes . Older people are more likely to get sick and to feel tired and weak . So maybe their bodys are not what they used to be . But the expierences they made and what they have learned about life and about themselfes helps them to take it easy . Their mind is stronger . A old man laughs about this childish young guy who is so desperatly in love that he is not able to eat or to think , because he can only think of his girl . But he also envies him for being so strong and active and to have such intense feelings . This is something he lost on his way becoming a mature man . Being young is an adventure , and you may enjoy it or you may regret it . It is full of action and impressions , but for me , maybe because I m young and have not experienced being old , i still believe that the future , in wich i will be old , offers me plenty of happyness . It will be different , though . I am quite sure it depends on every single person whether they are happier when they are young or old . But I have to admit , that even if I think that it only gets better , most of the old people miss their youth very much . But it can be joyfull to remember to ! I think you should enjoy every age . But as the youth is more intense , I think that for most people the youth is the part of their lifes that they enjoy the most .
(ITA,high) Students are too often required , by unskilled teachers , to learn pure and simple data instead of developing the ability to understand wider concept and ideas . Before going on , I 'd like here to make a distinction between `` data '' and `` concepts '' . A data is something we could learn by heart , that could be simply memorized , for example by reading and often easy to forget . A concept , instead , is something complex and something that usually , once acquired , is almost impossible to abandon . With concepts it works more or less in the same way than with experiences : usually , old people state that `` life is the best teacher '' and sometimes they 're right . Life , with all its amount of experiences , teaches us how to react , how to behave and sometimes the direct experiences we make will be recorded in our minds forever , certainily in a more unforgettable way that the information we received at school . In my opinion , so , concepts and experiences have the same value , or better , experiences can help in understanding wider concepts and viceversa . The study of concepts , if done in a certain way , could help students in building a system of ideas of their own : it 's realy important , infact , to be able to start independently from one subject and to arrive to another , showing a flexible mind and the capability to develop an autonomous way of thinking ; simple data alone , instead , are not sufficient in order to learn how to link the information students get and how to build an integrated information system . To conclude , it would be very useful for schools to develop an integrated educative system , expecially in Italy that normally lacks of practical aspects , which could coniugate practical experiences with the study of concepts . The idea of a common core curricula and of different subject ( for istance literature in a scence faculty ) which could enrich one 's general knwledge , would be a good method to be implemented ..
(JPN,medium) I agree with this Idea , Of course you know young people are much more cheerful than elderly people , so young guys have an unlimitede opportunites to do , On the other hand , older people do not have a chances to do such a thing , Young People tend to do new things , They are all keen to result in success , What a great life they have , Teenagers just like me is full of power and passion , Next talking about older people , Before I get started , Ihave someting tosay . I do not deny elderly people , They are great and everyone looks up to them , But this is our young generation , It is our turn , The good point of older people is they know a lot of things through their lives , They can think about problems better than young people , I mean older people have good knowledge , so young people is not able to defeat older people in a way . However Young people have a dream , There are so many things and chances in front o their eyes , The matter is how to get the opportunities . Some guys want to be asuper star like SMAP , The other guys want tobe a great president like a former Live Door president Horie , For Older people It is too late to think about their dreams like this , but having a dream is really good , I also have also a dream to master English compeletely , go abroad and become a maneger of suports Entertainment , a numer of possiblities are lying around us . I would like tosay to young guys Have a big dream , Anyting gose , If you believe , you will definetely achive ,
(ITA,medium) I 'm not agree with this sentence for different reasons that emerged from my personal experience . First af all , I see that my grand-parents enjoy as well as me their personal time because they do a lot of things , they travel and they do some little works . They are very busy with the family because they also care my little young cousins . I could be agree with this sentence in a different meaning like the possibility for young people to do more like sports for exemple . Maybe some old people do n't have envoy to do because they are also old in their mind . My grand-parents are very young in their way of thinking , in their souls . Despite the pass of the years , they are always the same and sometimes I say to my grand-mother to be calm or quiet because she does n't have twenty years and she ca n't do transport some heavier things for exemple . It 's funny to describe that because I realize that I 'm lucky to have them , a very good exemple for my future . Of course I think that other old people do n't want to do the same things of when they were young because they are tired or they have some pain . It 's difficult to be old because you have to minimize your activities and generally you do n't want . I think that all the `` epochs '' of the man 's life have something interesting to do , to accomplain ... Old people could for exemple go to a university to obtain an education that they ca n't acquire when they were young , for different reasons like to war or the poor conditions of the families . I have a cousin that go into a university of the `` Terza Eta ' ( third age ) and he 's enthousiastic of this possibility . I suggest also to my grand-parents to save their free time to organize beautiful trips or travels around the world because they have work all the time in the past and in this manner they can enjoy now their life better than they were young .
(ARA,low) Young people nowdays go to schools , go to malls and other places where they meet new people and of course they need time to make friends . And when they make friends they are going to be in community with them by going to their house or even by calling them and they have to give up some time to do that . I agree with the statement that they do n't , and by not doing that they lose a lot of the benefits of the friendship like the friends can help them when they need to or they can have alot of fun by going out with them . It has some bad effects if the person they are in community with has some bad ideas and he share them with young person . Young people really should get some advise about that from his teacher , father or mother and by that they are avoiding alot of problems if they choose the right person . By taking time to thing and by focusing on the person 's behavior you can know even befor talking to him if he is the right person to be your friend or not . In conclusion if the young people give up some time to help their communities they can avoid alot of problems by choosing the wrong person to be their friend .
(TEL,high) Life is perceived differently by different kinds of people . Similarly young people enjoy life more than elders do can be stated only by viewing perspecrtives of life partially . What i mean to say is that i do not agree with the fact that young people enjoy more than the elders do completely . In my opinion youth can be viewed as stage of physical stength and vigour and also as a stage of stress and responsibility . In youth every day is a challenge and one cannot afford to while away the time they have . Therefore it becomes more stressful for young people . One has to attend their studies , fund their studies and at the same time earn for a living , compete with their fellow classmates for the first position . Then comes a stage of choosing-choose a career that shall decide everything and choose a life partner with whom one has to spend the rest of their life . Once satisfied about the stage of settlement , then comes the stage of feeling responsible for one 's children , their education , desires and their settlement . Inspite of all these difficulties youth is an age of pleasure , vigour , adventures , friendship and love . It is a blessed state , usually with constant good health that gives an oppurtunity to experiment and make the most of life . I feel unfortunate are those who do not realise the importance of youth and neglect the age under the pressure of responsibility . Old age to me in a stage of peace where one has to enoy the fruit of all the hardwork one has done during their lifetime . Since elder people are often subjected to brunt of illhealth and illness they have to enjoy life to the maximum in the destined duration of old age that they have . Therefore , I opine that one has to perceive life beautifull , all stages have their own importance and each stage should be enjoyed with an optimistic attitude . Only then can one realise the importance of ouer birth .
(TEL,low) Yes , i agree with successful people tring to reseach in new things , because if all the scientists were happy by finding only one thing and to be perfect in that now we are unable to know about these many things and these many new inventions . Todays life is very competative and the things are going very faster . Human being has discovered many things even man landed on the moon also and he invented many things which are unbelivable and really wonderfull . From the past human being was going on discovering some thing . They do n't feel that they are taking risks they feel that they are inventing some thing usefull and help full for others . If they feel that they are taking risk by inventing some thing today we are unable to know about these many intresting thing . They discovered every thhing which is helpfull for human being and also which is harmfull for human being . Six years back the whole world was suffered with Y2K problem but it was discovered . Not only this human being has disovered to many things . Today we are enjoying a convinient life and happy life because of all those successfull people . We should encourage them to make new inventions and new discoveries . They discovered every thing what was our past how a human being was in his past and they discovered many thing for the convinience of people for every thingfortransport , cooking , preserving etc . Wht all things we wre enjoying today is becauseof them . According to my view of concerned i belive that because of that successful people now we are here and we grow more higher in our future days . So , here ends my statement and i agree that successful people trying new things is great .
(HIN,high) The youth of today 's generation is much more involved and busy with his individual life that sometimes he falls short of the day . This change is prevalent in this generation . But one should serve the community as he is also the part of the same community . I am in agreement with statement . The busy schedule of day to day life and their hectic time tables hardly leaves the people today to think of any other activity rather than managing themselves . Besides this people are very selfish nowadays and are only concerned about their own comfort and hardly concerns to help the community . Communities are also imporatnat part of society . But the people will not realise this fact until it is made apparent to them . Some are busy in building their careers , some are busy in the studies and some in thier professional life and they hardly give importance to the community service . Though these communities are established to help them they hardly care about it . But when it comes to benifitting from these communities there are first in the que . They are also wealthy people in the society who are only busy in enjoying their life 's and spending money lavishly rather then spending a little for a good cause . Lack of time is not only the reason why people do not pay attention to extend help to the communities but also lack of interest . Its time now that young people should understand the importance of helping these communities as they are part of it and helping the community will also get them good popularity and success . Helping the community is a feel good factor still for many people as they actively participate in helping the community by doing what all they can do . Serving the community is like serving to God . The need of the hour is young people apart from doing their regular work should also feel that serving the community is also part of their schedule and then only they can prosper .
(TUR,medium) As time goes on , there occur technological developments that make our lifes easier . All of these technological developments provide us a more efficient time usage . Car was the most important technological development that have ever been made up to now . However , today we faced with some problems in the usage of cars . This problems made me think that in the following twenty years , there will be fewer cars in usage than there are todays . Now , most of us are complaining about the time we spent in the traffic . This means that , this technological development `` car '' does not provide us effective time usage now . Then , we need a better technoloy than using cars as soon as possible which will decrase the usage of cars . As I mentioned above , one of the reason for the decrease in the number of cars can be the technological developments we will have in the following years . However , this cannot be the only reason in the decrase of this number . The second reason can be that the decrasing energy supplies to work our cars . When the energy sources decraeses , the money that we have to pay for it increses . Then , day by day , it is getting more difficult to pay this money to buy petrolium for driving our cars . This is the second supporting idea about why i think that the number of car usage will decrase . This are some reasons to explain why I think there will be fewer cars in usage in the following years . I hope the developments in technology provides us better ways to travel .
(ITA,low) Like many others statements , there is n't an universal true . It depends on many different things . A person who has broad knowledge of a precific subject can became very good in this subjects and dedicates all his life to it . But to know many subjects is more pratical . For examples , I 'm very good in maths and in scientific subjects till I was very young and every professor said `` David is so good in maths : he must do scientific liceo `` and so I focused all my attention on this subject to increase my ability and I did also the national math olimpic with good results . But now I have to pass this Toefl test and I understand that in the past i 'd study English better because now I 'm very good in scientific subjects , but if I do n't pass this exam , how can I finish University ? It 's a big problem ...
(FRE,medium) Many people can think that the more you go to school the more you will be able to understand the world . They think that going to university make you become an open-minded person . At the university you learn theory - ideas and concepts - but what will theory be useful for you if you have n't any practice - facts ? For example , I am a civil engineering student and at school I 'm learning science of structures or how calculate the rate of steel you have to put in concrete to make a good prestressed concrete ? The theory looks pretty good . However in fact when you are on a site work all that theory is not helpful . It 's only the experience that will give you the good rate of steel . Even if I think that understand the concept of prestressed concrete is very important , only the facts will show you how to be a good civil engineer . To illustrate , I will give my example . Last summer I made a training course in a house building company . Even if I had studied civil engineering for one year , I was unable to give order to plumbers or electricians or other handworkers because I did n't know in fact , in reality , on the site , how they can execute the plans . I think that concepts and facts must be taught together . You have to understand the concepts and to know to what they are related to in the real world . It 's important to always be connected to the reality . An idea without its application can be misunderstanding . Speaking of AIDS without speaking of the real dangers in all countries , without speaking of Africa 's problems could make a student think that it ca n't happen to him , that it is a rare disease , that he 's not conerned . That is not acceptable .
(ITA,high) I very much agree with the statement . Research , development and innovation are certainly the keys to success in modern and developed economies . It seems to me quite obvious that people who dares to take risk and try new things are successful people . If nobody tries to risk the economy will never be competitive . However , I would add that , once you take a chance and dare to risk you must prove that you are actually capable of keeping that success . In other words , trying new things and taking risks will only make you successful if learn how to run well your new business . We live in a world which is becoming more and more a global village and the new economies like China , India , Taiwan and South Korea are becoming more and more competitive compared to the countries of the so called developed world . Developing countries can produce what we can already produce with very low wages , which is why we have to compete with them in terms of innovation and new things . In order to be successful you have to do something well but you cannot just do that . I will make an exemple to make my position clearer : Milano , the city where i live in , is famous all over the world for the fashion and furniture industries . Clothes and furniture are very easy to copy , so if we want to compete and keep a leading position in these sectors we have to add some extra that cannot be found in products made elsewhere . It may sound strange but innovation and research can be found and have to be extended to fashion and design industries as well . The point is that the success that Italian products have all over the world is mostly due to the fact that we can do some things well and better than others , and we have to keep this leadership . This makes me think that keeping on doing well what you already can do is as important as trying new things . As usual , both aspects are important .
(SPA,medium) During all the time , many people is going to be successful because they are going to try new things . However , many people are successful with his knowlege . But I think , you can be successful if you know before the thing that you want to do . I am going to tell you some reason that support my statement . First , People who knows what they are doing can find some solution faster than the people who does not . For example , if you want tu have a coffe bussines , you have to know about how many kinds of coffe exist , how it tastes , when it is good and when it is not good , and when is ready to use . Suddenly , in your own bussines is presented some ploblem about coffe grain . The grain looks like different , if you do not know you need to call someone to check it . But if you know about it , you save money and time . Second , the procedures could be easier if you know about the new bussines . If you are a person who works with your family or some friends , inclusive if you are working on that . You know what you have to do about what do you need to start your own bussines . For example , I am working at psychologist office and I am psychology . I woul like to have my own office . Like I am working enought time there , I know the procedure that I have to do . I can do it without pay someone . If I do not about the bussines I have to paid for everything and I spent my money . Last one , if you know about the bussines the risk decrease because you know about contacts , people , offices , money , banks . Then could be easy for you . All the procedures are not knew for you . Your bussines is in your mind with structure , organization and everything that you need for that . I know that you will need help but that help could be lesser than the people who does not bussines before . In conclusion , make a bussines which you know all the procedures before , decrease the risk to loss your money and could be better successful that the bussines when you try a new thing .
(FRE,medium) Today , people watch more and more tv and see more and more advertisements . Sometimes people are surprised by some product efficiency , and sometimes he believe that is fake . So the question is to know if the advertisements show us the truh or fakes . On the first hand , I agree whiththe statement that the advertisement make products bettrer than they are . At first , the advertisement lie to us . In fact we watch tv , we are often surprise by the high qualitu of the products we see , but this is dute to the specials effect the advertisers used to acttract us . As a consensequent some car advertiser try to make us believe than by using his new car we will be younger and younger . Another idea is that the advertisers try to sell their products with showing us effects wich are impossible measure . As a consequent , a great trade of perfume wqnt to make the teenagers believe that thanks to their perfume every girl will be wildly attracted by them . On the second sight , advertisement is just the reflect of the reality . Actually , the advertise is just here to inform us from the new improvements of the products , end cose of the shortness of the time the advertisers have to show us their products , they have to summurise their ideas in order to inform us about what their new product can do for us . As a consequent they use many pictures , special effects , and the accelerate the efficiency of the products in the advertisement in order to show us the results more quickly . Further more the advertisement contains the most of time a scientific guarantee . in A lot of advertisement you can see a scientist wich attest of the edfficiency of the products he talk about > So in manu advertisement for teeth hhelthness you can see one scientisct wich is ther to attest that it is not a joke , and that product will make your
(GER,medium) In my opinion it is better to be specialized in one subject . The first reason for this is that nowadays it is important to be specialized . You need to be unique . When people are looking for a job it is much easier to find one if you are an expert in your area . Today many people have a broad knowledge of different subjects , but I think that these knowledges are unimportant and wo n't help to get a job . Why I 'm thinking this ? Well , most of the things people with a broad education know are only basics to an expert . Another reason why I belive that it is better to learn just one subject is that it 's much easier to concentrate on it . You start with the basics and the topic will involve more and more details as you keep on learning about it . If you are studying many different subjects instead , you only get to scratch the surface each time . I know that supporters of the statement would say that it is necessary to study many subjects because today many areas are linked . In their opinion somebody who has a greater variety in academic subjects is therefore able to find conculsions in complex matters . I disagree with that because I do n't think that you will learn enough to solve a complex problem linking different areas all by yourself . A group of experts on the other side should't have a problem with that . Also , if you 're an expert , it is not that easy to replace you . But if you 're not an expert , it 'll be easy to replace because there many people having the same knowledge . All in all , I think to be specialized has more positive aspects than having little knowledge of different subjects and should therefore be recommended to students .
(GER,medium) I strongly disagree with this statement , as i do not see why it would be correct . It contains no arguements to support its claim . Young people do give enough time to helping their communities nowadays , as they always have . I do not see the reason for elders to belive in this statement , or to view our youth in a critical manner . Yes , the youth might be somewhat different than the generation of people they grew up in , but it does not need to be different in a negative way . Their criticism merely demonstrates their inability to take responsibility or to adapt to recent events , which would bring about a difference in mentality in the next generation . Most probably people making such a statement are not satisfied with their own contribution to their communities and will try to ease their mind by making such a claim . Often pensioneers who have nothing better to do , i.e. make no contribution to their communities , make such a claim . This statement is in no ways a constructive statement , as it gives no suggestion of changing the circumstancers . Therefore the person putting forth this statement is not helping his community in doing so . This statement is so broad , that it is hard for me to think of any specific examples out of my head , but in general , the young people are the people which drive a community and contribute to its culture by their motivation . This claim is nonsense . It has no arguements to support it and is terribly broad . The people who are supporting the community and who are to a large extent the community , by being active , are to a very large extent young people . This statement is often the result of an elder , not being able to adapt to recent changes in the world , and therefore not being able to understand the youth .
(SPA,high) There are many products that seem to be too good to be true and I believe the influence of advertisements to create this image does not use the right or ethic procedure to achieve this goal . For this reason I agree with the statement presented in this question . As a Tourism Manager I know perfectly this situation by studing the case of Touristic Destinations ' plans of marketing . In one hand , they usually offer an exotic and pristine place that invites you to go there and make use of this facilities : well-equipped resorts , horseback riding for lonely beaches and hiking in magical mountains , on the other hand , these plans omits crowdy beaches during high seasons , hotel rooms that do not have ocean views and so on . We could mention thousands of examples of this situation . For me this should be ruled more rigidly and lead to protect in a better way to consumers who are cheated for this advertisers . In this virtual world where information goes faster and faster by internet , the idea of advertising is becoming sample , cheap and less ruled . It is easy to see web sites showing marvelous hotels and resorts pictures and with just one click make a reservation that costs hundreds of dollars . When we get there the reality is so far away we realize that the hotel is not in the location shown or at least does not have the features presented , we understand the picture did not show how many ads and signal everywhere it was possible to see , making our enjoyable destination as polluted as a capital city and making our frustation the most unforgettable of our vacations . This is a typical case of making products seem much better than they really are . As an example let 's take Ocean City Maryland in The United States , whoever going to the different websites offering this touristic destination can see the Atlantic Ocean as the perfect background for a nice trip , we make a reservation and finally get there , nobody told us about the vehicular congestion , visual pollution and the noise made for teenagers running their cars overspeed . But that is , and there we are being part of a fraud as many other products that seem to be much better than they really are .
(KOR,medium) There is no doubt that car is the mainstream of transportation in modern times . Although still cars are incredibly increasing nowadays , I believe that use of car will decrease in the future time . I will present briefly two reasons to support my opinion . First of all , polution problem it occurs is a serious issue in the past and also future time . Goverments are making a strict schedule to control cars and pollutant it mades recent years . Many experiments and results already showed that serious air pollution caused by car can cause lung cancer and lead human to death . It is a problem that conflict with humans health even to humans survival , strong limitation of using car will made in the future time . It is not a matter of only human matter of earth 's . Furthermore , new transportation that is more convenient and do not make any pollutant will invent in the future time . Already many scientists and experts of car started its ' invention . Recently invented electronic and hydrogen transportation is a fine example of thisinvention . They use electricity or water for their fuel to run which does n't make any pollutant to the air . One problem is it 's price but development of technology will solve it naturally . Invention of car was a revolutionary one to human kinds . However it threaten humans lives recent time . Limitation of it 's use and invention of new transportation is necessary . I believe that humans will chose to stop using car naturally in the future time according to above mentioned reasons : it 's pollution problem and appear of new transportation .
(HIN,medium) the knowledge in itself has the importance . whether it is broad or it is specific , it is another thing . having knowledge in any form is quite importent or the development of the individuals . Actually the broad knowledge has its own advantage over the spacific one . taking an example from the madical field . suppose u have problem in your eyes . Now in this case what you do . you go to a health centre . there the doctor ( general one who has broad knowledge in his field ) will check you . if the problem is serious the he will refer you to the eye specilist . or if the problem is not so serious and in his control then he go for the treatment . thus in the last you have not go to speciatist . so you save your time as well as your money ( since the fee of specialist is quite expensive ) . but for the first case you have to go for the specialist who can treat your eye problem . may be he refer the glass lenses for you . thus in this way only he is able to cure your problem since he is the spacialist in his subject or field . thus the specialist have their own advantage which can not be ignored . the other most important thing is that for majoring in any subject first you should have the knowledge ( may be litte , since this little is quite helpful ) in all the related subject since we know that all subject has some type of interconnection . for example majoring in the oranic chemistry also required the undrestanding of the physical parameter since they will contribute and effect the reaction . so either you have the knowledge of physical chemistry or you have to take the help of some physical chemist . so conclusively according to me , it is good important to have a broad knowledge even though you are majoing in a specific one . since it will help you in some way .
(HIN,high) Intro-advertizements-role-media-halo-role models-glamorize - The role of media has reached its zenith in this age . Right from a common daily-need item like a toothpaste , to a something more in vogue like a new designer brand apparel , or of technical importance like a new TV , a automobile , or a Computer-all need the media to make them appealing , or to lure people to buy them-irrespective of whether or not people need them . Infact , these advertisements `` create a need '' rather than catering to the needs of those who are in the process of making a decision on something they already need to buy . Advertisements , more than often , project a product in a way that the actual effect of the product advertised falls short of the description ! For example , the advertisements on body creams project such flawless , smooth , enticing bodies , although when used , they do not caste the same glow and charisma to the bodies of those who use them ! Another example is of a stain removers . Most of them are ineffective , and if they are effective , they ruin the very color of the garment itself along with the stain . What is annoying is the way they are romanticisedLet aside the ideas presented in which using it would mean adding romance to a moment , or finding the right guy ! Such deceptions of adding extra charm to a product entices buyers . Advertisements cast a halo around an item , adding glamor to it by choosing attractive models to sell for them . People , especially younger generation to be more precise , get very affected by looks-outer appearance . They tend to copy models and movie stars etc . They are in an age that is very influential . When these individuals watch their favorite model seeling for something , their first impulse is to buy that item . In the process , they seldom realize whether the product is worth it or not . At times it is of no use what-so-ever . For instance , recently there was an advertisement that flashed on the TV screens , which was unnecessarily glamorized , although the product was anything but glamorous or flashy . It was an advertisement for a pain relieving pill ! Is it necessary to romanticise something like a pain reliever ? And who is being targetted ? Unfortunately , the more vulnerable part of the society-the younger generation becomes a victim . In my view , such deceptions are harmful . They do nothing to bulid a society , rather making it dependant on items people would never have needed otherwise . This does n't mean that advertisements do n't have their place at all . But if they are more discriminative in their depiction , it would be more fair .
(GER,high) In my opinion there is a need for specialists and generalists . With generalists I refeere to people who have a broad knowledge . If everyone is specializing on his topic no one has an overview of the total problem and on the other hand if all students focus on many academic subjects there wo n't be any specialists to do specialized work . For students there sould be a choise wether to get a broad knowledge or specialiye on one subjet . It is important that one can figure out what suits him or her best . For me it is specializing on a specific subject , but I still want to have knowledge of the surrounding fields of study . If there is quite a broad interest in subjects and a specialisation in one topic at the same time , it is possible to link one thing from one field to the specialised field and eventually come up with something new and inovative . I think there are also some slight differences between the fields of study . For business students it is neccesary to know a lot of a huge varyity of topics , but the need to go into detail is not that big . This is different for students from engineering . To bring the research or production forward it is vital to know all details of existing solutions . So an engineering student must focus on one topic if he likes to contribute to that subject . But still with specializing on one specific topic he sould not forget about the view of the total . If the statement is taken as a general statement I have to say that I do not agree with it , but it is correct in specific fields of academics . During my work expirience I saw that sometimes it has to many specialists and ofthen they forget about what the whole picture is . In there cases the statement could lead some people to be a generalist . These generalists then could help the specialist to work to gether and direct them to a good solution . The statement has some truth withing but I ca n't agree with it totaly .
(TUR,medium) This statement depends on stiuatons actually to the person . We can divide people in to two catogories . The first catagory will be the group of people who love to life . On other hand the sscond category will be the group of people who live like a tree They do what they have to do but they do not enjoy the life . That does not depend on their ages . Enjoying life does not about physical condition it is about the soul . you can be 90 but your soul can be 15 and you can still enjoy the The people , whom we called old , have enjoy then youg people Becouse they do what they have to do . They know how to lose a person himsef or herself in the daily life . they alrealdy go through this way They know how important time is . So if they want to they can live their entire life with full of enjoy and happines . On the other hand young people lose theirseves in the daily life . They waste their time to gain more and more money . Enough is never for young people . They are young they can waste their time they tought so according to that they miss the enjoy . But time is runnig so fast . Young people have responsibilities for example kids , work .. etc They use tehse reasons as an excuse An other persfek tive some poeple does not want to enjoy life They live and die they don lest any good memory behind them tehy waste their t
(TUR,medium) Taking risks and getting into the jobs you do n't have an idea about , makes people frighten all the time . We get affraid from loosing our money , our respect or sometimes loosing the people we love and care . I think we have to ask a question to ourselves here , do we really loose these things when we fail . This can be answered positively . like yes maybe we can loose money but on the other side if you dont try you loose the chance of learning if you could earn much more money . Lets take Bill Gates and his supporters as an example . For such a thing which nobody belived in , they spended their energy , time and money and they took the risk . What did the risk of loosing money bring to them is the richness of the world . There is an other subject we 'd be afraid to loose when we fail to success in the new job we 're trying , is our respect in others minds . In my point of view there is nothing to be concerned about this subject because while some people think you are a looser because you failed , some may admire you and the courage you have showed by risking your commodities . Since you cannot be the most regardable person in everyone 's mind you do n't really have to pay attention for this subject . Since we all have people whom we love , care and hold special in our hearts we of course may not desire to get close of loosing them . If we really ask ourselves the reason we keep these people special in our lifes , we will infere that these people are always behind us and supporting us even if we success or fail . They are always beside us to take our hand for helping us to stand up . As a result I can easily say that living in a routin manner life would be very boring and there is no reason for us to stay away from from risk because without taking any risks one cannot learn to do what he do n't know to do ,
(TUR,low) I agree with the following statementBecause all of these are risk while living . for example I'am a food engineer . I know food very well . But I mus n't work in food factory or deperment of food in factory . May be I am successful an other depertmant . In my family my uncle is a doctor . He is n't work in hospital . Now heis working international factory and heis very successful person . So I take risks to be successful person . First of all you love your job or work . when you love , nothing is problems . Finally look at life of succesful persons , they take alot of risks everytime .
(CHI,high) Although I 'm a young person myself , I have to agree with the statement with a heavy heart . The lack of participation in community service among young people results mainly from lack of time . I am currently a student in a competitive high school , and the demand of schoolwork allows me very little free time . School begins at 7:40 in the morning and ends at 5:10 in the afternoon . Since I live very far from the school I attend , I have to commute by train for three hours each day . When I reach home , it 's almost 7:00 pm . The sun has set , the sky has darkened , the community is almost asleep , and I have tons of homework to do . There is neither time nor opportunity for me to help out in my community , regardless of how much I want to serve and contribute . Most high school students in the United States have finished hundreds of hours of community service before they graduate from high school . Colleges in the U.S. often consider the hours spent on community service when evaluating an applicant , emphasizing the importance of a student 's willingness to serve his or her community . Colleges in Taiwan , however , put very little emphasis on community service when viewing applications . Instead , test scores and academic accomplishments are given major consideration . Students devote their time and energy to activities that colleges find more important and neglect those that are thought trivial , resulting in a lack of dedication to community service . Some high schools in Taiwan require their students to finish a certain amount of community service hours each year . The minimum my high school sets for us is 8 hours each semester . Students use the little free time they have during summer and winter vacations to finish the required hours of community service , doing simple jobs such as sweeping up fallen leaves , volunteering at the local library or tidying up the lobby . Students have no time to participate in more meaningful and long-term communty services , such as helping out each day at the local day care center , orginizing a group to reinforce the recycling habits of residents , or tutoring for free at a public middle school . From my observations and personal experiences , I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . It is a regrettable situation , but it is a situation that canbe improved if students are given more free time and a stronger sense of community . That way , students will be able to participate more in community service and receive a wonderful experience by spending time helping others and building a better community .
(FRE,high) I strongly believe that the ability for students to grasp concepts is of the utmost importance . My belief is based on three main reasons , that are further developed below : First of all , learning concepts and ideas allow students to understand the core of a scientific explanation , of a general idea . While simple facts are more likely to change frequently over time , concepts and ideas tend to remain the same for tens , even hundreds of years . Even though some main ideas can be contested , their understanding remains vital to the comprehension of current debates in a field of study . It also allows the student to better understand ( and remember ! ) subsequent facts . For instance , a Biology student has to be familiar with Darwin 's theory of species variation in order to understand the spectacular survival of a special type of bird . Secondly , I feel that students , especially post-graduate students and-or research assistants , are often invited to juggle ideas themselves , to come up with an opinion of a specific notion or idea . Being familiar with a general frame of reference helps them develop their own critics and makes them free thinkers ! I could also argue that there are plenty of ways to learn facts ( for instance , watching a news bulletin , reading books and articles , or doing a research on the web ) . However , it is a known fact that concepts and ideas can be more efficiently grasped in universities ( or other academic institutions , for that matter ) , where the structure is designed to help students develop and perfect their ` mental framework ' . In conclusion , I would repeat my belief that it is crucial that students be introduced to abstract concepts as the main focus of their studies . Nonetheless , I feel that facts do have a place in an academic environment , in that this type of ` concrete ' knowledge can help students better apprehend the different conceptual ideas .
(ARA,high) There is a growth in population . Year by year , the estimated number of people on earth is multiplying . With this pupluation outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of the people . Also , people are getting lazier each year and they will need a form of transportation to move them around . For those reasons , I think that in twenty years there will be many more cars in use than there are today . It has been mentioned in more than one official estimate that there is an uncontrollable population growth in the world . In under-developed countries such as the South Asian countries , for example India and Pakistan , a normal family consists of six to eight children . In gulf countries such as Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Qatar or Bahrain , a family is considered big only if the number of children exceeds six . Now multiply those number with the numbers of families in each country and calculate how many people will be present in the world in twenty years . Imagine how life would be if fewer cars were used . How will people move from one location to another ? Some argue that there are laws these days preventing families from having too many babies . For instance , the Chinese law that states that no family should have more than one child . Even with those laws , one cannot stop the rapid growth in population . Another arguement proposed is that women these days are choosing not to marry for they have more job opportunities and can live independantly . New estimates show that the number of women is larger the number of men so even if 25 % of the women in the world decide not to marry , there will still be 75 % who are willing to settle down with a husband and have as many children as he wants . Population growth will continue to be a problem and more cars will have to be produces to satisfy the people . Unfortunately , each generation produced is lazier than the generation before it . By the time we reach the year 2026 ( keeping in mind that the year now is 2006 ) , the level of laziness will reach its peak . This is really sad but it is a fact that we must leard to deal with . People at that time in the future would n't want to move around on foot , or bicycles or any other form of transportation that would tire them . The only way to solve this problem is by having more cars to satisfy the needs of the generation will come . As my mother would always say , `` What a lazy generation ! '' If that is what she keeps on saying about the present generation , imagine how it would be twenty years from now . It has been said that because of the population growth , there must be fewer cars . Imagine life with so many cars ! Pollution will certainly be a problem , the streets will be much more crowded and people will have problems reaching their destinations in time for important meetings or deadlines . As much as I am aware of this problem we have to shine light on another important point . Men are very lazy . They would n't want to walk to reach their goal or ride the bike . Unless a new method for transportation is invented that will not tire out the new generation , more cars will have to be present by that time . Population growths and the laziness of new generations are two main factors that will increase the number of cars that will roam the streets in the future . I am fully aware of the problems that will occur because of this but one cannot live in denial all of his life . We need more cars . How else are we going to move around ? Unless a new solution is proposed for transporting comfortably from one place to another , cars will continue to multiply in number as people do .
(TEL,medium) Young peoples now a days spend very less time in helping thie communities . According to the above statement now a days each and every one is very busy with their respective work . Day by day the techonolgy is increasing very rapidly but still the work load is not getting supressed . When there is heavy work load there may be no time for others to participate in helping their communities . For example , a student is given lot of home work at his school . At this point one may not find time to play or relax . If one is under pressure of completing their regular work and finding no time to enjoy there they may not be able to communicate with other activites . Because the student is not only pressurised at his school but also at his home . Because parents are more concerned with his carreer as they wanted them to be more dedicate towards their work . There fore if the workload is reduced and if they are encouraged the youngers can try to allocate some time in helping thier communities , Secondly , the schools also should allocate certain programmes where the student can realize the importance in helping thier communities . They should know the importance of helipng their communities , because thebasic programmes the communities consits are keeping the society clean , whether all the facillities are available or not . Such things make students benefit in various ways . If schools allocate certain programmes then a student may try find time in helping thier communities . Therefore I paritially agree that young people now a days are spending very less time in helping their communities . Not only students in schools , even in colleges and those who are working can contribute their time towards helping their communities if their work load is lowered . Therefore when the workload is reduced they have enough time to relax and in the mean time they can help their respective communities .
(SPA,high) I completely agree with this statement . There is no point in knowing facts without capturing the essence of the ideas . This applies to all fields of study . As a civil engineering student in Mexico City I had to learn many formulas and techniques to solve many problems . We would concentrate mainly on structural design , having to learn to apply these methods by heart . There was not much sence in learning the formula because in the real world we are able to open a book . The real important part came when we had to understand the effects and the causes that interact with the structure at study . A good engineer is the one that really understands the structural behavior of what he is building . The same applies to a history student . There is no point in knowing all the exact dates of historical events if there is no understandig of the essence of the study . What good would it do if the student does not have a feel on how a culture lived , what they ate or what they thought which lead to the historical event . The dates will stay in almanacs forever but the real learning comes from understandig the ideas and the concepts . Schools today tend to lean towards a more understanding way of teaching . They focus mainly on atracting the student 's attention by taking them on field trips or by having more interactive materials to teach with . Computers and the internet help to visualize and understand concepts that would have been difficult to explain without them . There are also easier ways to obtain factual information now than before . This makes it almost useless for a student to learn the facts . They have to focus on understanding the ideas and be able to apply their knowledge in real life . The only way to do so is by having the right education .
(KOR,medium) Everyone loves to want be successful people . That is why there is a big debate about wether people can get success things . Naturally , some people feel that we try new things and take riske . However , in my opinions , doing what they already know how to do well is necessary . There are a few reasons why I hold this view . To begin with , It is professional . What I mean is that they konw very well compare the other persons . For exampel , if cardiologist want to take care of pediatric patients , Is it a good way ? As you can see , When they want to success their works or job , they have to do what they already know how to do well . Another thing , we must considers effective factors . In other words , When someone try new things , It is time-consuming . Take divers as an example . If tax drivers try drive buses or truck , they have to learn how to do it . Also , they have to get this licences . They aleady have know-how . They already know how to do well therefore essential for success . Taking a look at the other perspective , of course may people consider refresh and change their mind . That is to say , When people can do work for a long time , they can get manersim . However , If they give motivation or change life style , you can get more adventages . Thus , we must do waht we know how to do well . Taking all things into considerations , I feel strongly that only doing what they know how to do well is a great idea . The main reasions are professional and effective . Do you still think that successful people try new things and take risks ?
(TEL,medium) I agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many acadamic subjects is important a student up to his secondary school level , that is up to his ten plus two level . Becuase we should be familier about all basical scinces . It is impartent to inculcate body functioning , and body cleaning , so we need biology . one should learn about the nature and environment in which he living . Basical mathamatical caliculations are impartent in day-to-day life . A person should be imported that how he should behave in the society , what are his rights and responsibilities , so he should learn social studies . there is multidimensional devlopments are occuring in various fields of study . There are also different interests and talents exist in each person . It is difficult to decide a careere for a person inthe early age . so every one should be familier with many acadamic subjects . On the other hand dealing with many number of subjects at the same time is very difficult thing . even there are more number of sub fields existing in a group today . for example let us take technology . In technology there are many number of branches existing like computer scince , electronics , mechanical and civil . Each field is different frome other . One ca n't reach the apex in every field . To have good knowledge on a perticular field , it is better to devote entire time to get mastery of that perticular subject . Doing reaserches in order to get practical knowledge is impartent . So in my opinoin , reading many acadamics in secondary schoole level , and reading a single specialized subject from under graduate level is better to one .
(ITA,medium) The use of twenty years cars today was considered an element very important for his own status . Cars such as `` Mini minor '' or `` Cinquecento '' are used today after a restructural period . In this period the drivers , rarely by his own , introduced carefully element of personalisation , such as blue , yellow or red light , shiny colors and innovative intruments such as navigator or SRS . The drivers introduced other new element such as motors more power or security devices such as airbag . These type of cars are considered an istrument through which you can conquerr a beautiful girl , and you can be noticed among the other cars . These type of car have particular properties of lenght and height that give many advantage in driving in traffic cities such as Milan or Rome . `` Cinquecento '' and `` Mini minor '' have this success because their presence is collected with two important automobilistic industry in Italy and in England , that were able to create in the past an ideal of liberty and realization by possessing these ones . `` Cinquecento '' is a cars are linked with noticed film such as `` Vacanze Romane '' or `` Viaggio in Romagna '' , and `` Mini minor '' was the first queen Elisabeth 's car . In Italy an important use is to organized some epochal courses for this cars , and this is an instrument that permetted the developement of this markets . These cars are requested by everyone and the web is becaming a place where you can find frequentally many requests for the quotation of this cars
(JPN,high) There are a lot of people travelling on vacation . Some people go to abroad while some people travel in the country . They either travel individually or in a group led by a tour guide . For my opinion , I think it is better to travel with a tour guide because it is more convenient , economical and safe . To start with , when travelling to the place we do not know individually not using the tour guide , we may wonder where to go and what to do . Also , we have to check the airplane or bus we have to ride , check the weather and so on . On the other hand , if we just go to the tour guide shop tell where they want to go , the touris would kindly introduce us a perfect plan . They would probably plan to go to several popular places and prepare traditional food . Therefore , being in a group led by a tour guide is very convenient and easy when we are travelling . Moreover , the more people we travel with , the less we have to pay individually . The tour guide plan includes the fee of staying , trabelling , food and so on . Since they move with a group , all the things will be chaper than travelling individually . For example , the Tokyo Disney Land costs more than 5000 yen in dividually . If we go as a group , however , costs only 3000 yen . It is more economical to be in a group . Also , we may get friends if we travel in a group . It will be more exciting and fun if we make friends and enjoy the trip . Lastly , it is much safe to travel with a lot of people instead of travelling alone . Also , the tour guide knows about the place and know what to do on emergencies . We would feel more camfortable if we travel with many people , too . To conclude , travelling in a group led b a tour guide is the best way . It is convenient because we do not have to plan the trip . Also , it would be very cheap but safe if we travel with a lot of people . It is the best idea to rely on the tour guide and have a relaxing travel .
(TUR,medium) It is difficult to say that whether to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects or not . If you ask to me , I prefer to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects for several reasons . According to me , having wide broad knowledge about several topics helps you to be more social , to compete in bussiness environment and to aware yourself in your field of study . First of all , in my opinion , if you have more knowledge on many subjects then you could easily get friends . You would not have difficulty to talk with a new person . Consider that you meet someone who is computer science student in a party and you know something about satellites . All right ! this is a great change to start a conversation if you like to talk him or her . Secondly , bussiness life becoming more and more competitive today . How much topic do you know is more important than how detail in one topic dou you know nowadays . Bosses prefer to hire a person who have several experiences on many topics . If you look at job offerings today , you will see a long list of expected knowledge . IT departments are example to this situation . Although a person is hired to development department of IT , it is expected from him to know about security , database sytems or something else . In addition to the second reason , I think that if you have broader knowledge , you could easy change your field of study . If you dont want to work on database systems , you could work on security systems . Thirdly , I you have broad knowledge , you will know where you are and you can test yourself that you exactly want this field of study . Do you exactly want to study in art or study in geology ? If you know a little bit knowledge about other fileds then you feel comfortable with your choice . In conclusion , my choice about this topic is to have broad knowledge on many academic topics .
(JPN,medium) We have rights to know and educate the truth occuring in the world . Advertisements make products a lot of information through television , radio , newspaper and internet . I do not agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than really are . Some persons who works in the advertisement companies give information to us . They have a focus on the some events , and in detail they give their thoughts and insights . If they all have caught a mistake sensation of the actual events , there is huge problem . However since actually advertisement presents to us after cheking many editors , I believe that overmistaken advertisement will disappear from the advertisements . For getting really advertisements and information , it is necessary to be free in our sociality , education and economy . If we do not have the freedom rights of knowledge , education , speaking and religion , I agree that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Under the condistion such as no freedom rights , we have possibility which prodcuts seem much better than advertisements really are . For example , the peoples in North Korea are blocked from a lot of information of the others ' countries . They hear only information which central social committee decides that may advertise for the peoples . However they believe true information because they do not know the information of the others country . In conclusion , when we could have freedom rights , most advertisements make products which they really are . If we could not , most advertisements make products seem much better than they reall are . In United States , since I have freedom rights , I do not agree its sentence .
(HIN,medium) The topic given has its own intricacies , and to justify and convinced with a thought , we have to comprehend the rudiments of learning process . I agree with the point presented that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than learning the facts . To understand a subject , one should have strong basics about the idea and concept behind it . For instace , if we take physics class , students should be well aware of principle of aerodynamics before they learn the facts about a rocket or an aeroplane mechanism . Nevertheless , argument can be made that learning the ideas and concepts are the gradual steps of learning process and coming to facts . Learning is a process where an individual has to go through certain steps to master the subject . Understanding concepts and ideas leads to actual fact . Subject can be learn in numerous way , if we just know the facts without understanding the actual concept and ideas behind it , it wouldnt master you in subject and knowledge would n't persist for a long . Therefore , I personally advocate the process of understanding concepts and facts throughly before you come to actual fact . This way of learning will be efficient for students to learn the subject with a perfection . Approaching the process of learning is this manner will get depth knowledge which may endure .
(FRE,high) There is a phrase that says : Getting old begins when regrets replace dreams . On one hand , it is true that young people are more able to enjoy their life than older ones . When you have almost your entire life before you and you can make a lot of plans for your future . The youngest people do not already have to many reponsabilities like children or work and they have more time to enjoy their own life . For example , I want to go and study in Australia for the next semester and I am sure I am going to enjoy me stay and maybe me life there . In our days , there is a lot of ways to entertain . Young people can enjoy it because they are still physically able to do so . Indeed , young people can do more sports , walk on the mountains , surf , parties etc . That is a way not to find their life too boring . On another hand , I think that being old is a beautiful thing because they can see their childlren growing up , help , advise and support them as much as they can . And they also can enjoy visits from their grandchildren which is certainly a bit magic for anybody . A lot of old people do travel a lot once retired and really like it . It is much easier to make trips , see new people , make even short-term plans for your life . I know a friend of my grandmother who is travelling all the time over the world and I think she enjoys her life a lot in discovering all these countries . I will spend a lot of time to the same . But when people are working during 30 , 40 years or more , they cannot travel this much and enjoy the possibility of traveling by plane wherever you want . Finally , I think that older people can enjoy their life as much as young people . We all aim to find happyness in our own way and the question is : How to find it ? Who with ? There are as many awsers as there are individuals .
(CHI,low) in moden world , people may have less time that intend to enjoy lesiure . nevertheless , yong people cost much time in working or studing that spring from severe competition . they may work or study 10 hours or more a day and they may work hard in the weekend , that looks like mashines . they don not seem to exhaust any time . sometime i think they are crazy . but older people have spare time , they may think they do not own enough time in the world . they cherished time looks like gold . so older people may travel in world or enjoy happy life comfortable , beautiful , tranquil country . that is right , they have retired , they have worked for much of life , they need have a test . in the West , older people may travel in the world , they want to utilize less live time in order to learn the world as enough as possible . they are intersting in East culture particulary . everyyear , many West older people get to china compactly . i think that is good choice . older people can gain knowledge and happy . that is significant object . but older people in my mother country , they have much different kinds of entrainment activity . they play dance in city park , they play tiaji , and they play chess . that is better too . however , older enjoy life more than yough people
(CHI,high) The issue at hand is that learning through understanding ideas and learning through facts , which one is more important for students ? This issue is very important , becasue learning knowledges and studying trough different methods are very important for the students future career . I believe learning facts is more important , for some reasons . Learning facts is preferable because facts offer a lot of experiences that are very rare , and also easily understandable . Those experiences are from outside of the classrooms , they come from the real world , using these experience facts , students can learn knowledge faster , they will save time to study other knowledges . This is very important for the students ' future career , the reason is that most of the employers are glad to hire employees who can work immedietely , since this kind of employees can bring the profits to company as soon as they are hired . For example , operating a machine should n't be very hard for the students , because they have already understood those ideas and concepts , but when these students begin to work in the real factories for the first time , they are still confused about those operations , because they do n't have the experiences of operating those machines . Based on this reason , learning factors is superior to understanding ideas and concepts , because learning concepts can only offer students general knowledge , concepts can not give students more skills about the real work . Additionally , I believe learning facts is a right option because facts are usually more interesting and active , so , they can be remembered easily by the students . Trying to think about this : concepts that only presents on the papers with black characters and videos shows the real production processes in a factories , which one is more attractive ? which one would you like to choose ? I believe the answer is very obvious . So , I like learning facts over just understanding ideas and concepts due to the fanny that I can find in the learning the facts . To sum up , I believe learning facts is the correct choice , I would choose this because I believe students can remember more knowledges when they learning facts , and also , facts include a lot of real experiences which is rare and very important for the students to start the future work .
(GER,medium) This statement deals with the very controversial question if younger people enjoy life more than older people do . With regard to this general problematic two positions may mainly be brought foreward and hence need to be discussed in a dialectical way . There is a first group of people who certainly agree with that statement . To sustain the substance of their position they allegate that first young people have generally less sorrows which is perhaps in part due to the fact that they did not know war times and times of real economic depression . That is the reason why they are not afaraid of loosing their jobs and not to be able to nourrish their families . Second if youing people still go to school they dispose of more leisure time in which they go out , they got to know people , they do sports and so on . Third young people dispose of much more opportunities than the older generation to communicate with friends , to organize vaccations or to travel at low costs . On the other hand one cann not generally say that older people do not take profit of their lives . A person that worked hard all life as that has had a huge professional success will easier be able to afford whatever he or she likes than ayounger person still depending on their parents from an economic point of view . Money can be a limiting argument for young people like aslo the lack of a driving license for non adults . In my opinion there is no general possible anewer to such a statement because to many factors need to be taken into consideration ona item-centered perception basis . The answer to this question clearly depends on the values an individual gives high priority to . If you are young you perhaps dispose of more time and you are less subject to professional constraints , but you are perhaps less a well-of than an older person . The latter one may perhaps suffer from diseases restrainig its mobility . The determining factors to my understanding are time , social flexibilty and money . Nevertheless I would align myself generally speaking rther with the people that agree with this statement
(HIN,medium) This is a difficult topis as both travelling in a group and travelling alone has its advantages and disadvantages . And the choice also can vary from person to person . In my case i dont agree with the satement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . There are various reasons to support my choice and these are discussed below . Firstly in the case of taking tour in a group led by guides , there is time boundness . The tour guides manages the time keeping in mind the whole group . In this case i can not spend much time on the places which I really like . If I am trevelling on my own I can visit the places of my choice . Secondly , in the group travel the tour guides generally make the staying arrangements at the places which have better facility . In this case you do not get a chance to interact with the local people . When I am taking a tour I like to know the local cultures and talk to the local people. , because i think that is more fun . Additionally i like to try the local food if i am going to some new place . This gives me a chance to improve my knowledge about that place and the people there . In a guide led tour there are very less chances of doing that . Furthermore , I am a spontaneous person by nature . I enjot thing at certain moment . so if i am taking a tour with several other people it will not be possible to do watever I want . And in this case i will not be able to enjoy properly and it will not be fun for me . So in the conclusion i want to say that it actually depends upon the individual whether he likes to travel in a group led by tour guide or on his own .
(ARA,high) Knowledge is considered as a key for any progress in human life . Through knowledge people can be able to develop the standard of their daily life . They also be able to improve their social and cultural status among others . For example , If some one who specializes in energy , but having broad knowledge about other branches of science and cultures could deal with so many matters as the same time . Also this broad knowledge will help him to communicate with many societies of different cultures . At the social level a guy with this broad knowledge will find himself having a very sensitive rank in the community for all people will refer to him to have consultancies and advises . On the other hand a guy confining himself to a single specific specialization with no knowledge in other sciences will be isolated and have limited contributions at social , cultural and economic levels . For instance if some one specializing in mathemics with no ther knowledge will only make contributions to development of this community through this field . But if he is asked to contributed to other fields that are needed with aview of developing his community , he fail to do so . From other perspective having broad knowledge means your are capable to serve you homecountry and your people whenever they need your help and assitance during hard times . So we should urge all people around the world , in general , and our own people in particlar to make use of their leisure time to have a broad knowledge about different subjects that may contribute in the development of their countries . For example , if some one 's major is in physician , but his countries is a great need for some one with a background in economics , he will provide unvaluable advise when needed . Therefore , I strongly recommend and support the multiplicity of specializations for all people with concentrating on one of them .
(FRE,medium) The practical experience of learning by facts is most of the time opposed to the theorical experince of learning by concepts . Whle the learning process is a very complex issue , I think that to understand concepts is more important for students . By learning concepts , students build everlasting foundations which will help them not only for their studies but also for life . For example , to understand the mecanism of rethoric in a philosophy class will certainly benefits to the student to produce outstanding philosophy assignments during their studies , but also will help them to develop constructive reflexion for life . This will not be the case if they were simply learning to reproduct a work made by one of the ancient Greek rethoric philosopher . In addition , to understand concepts fosters creativity of students . By learning how things are made , students nurture an ability to reflect on innovative ideas to resolve an issue . This creative thinking will have been limited if the students was concentrated to understand a fact and duolicate it . only how
(GER,high) Over centuries , starting almost with the founding of the first universities , the ideal of a completely educated person was dominant on the European continent - somebody who masters ancient languages as good as he is at natural sciences or even the arts . And on the other end of the line ? There was the specialist , soley focused on his subject , almost an idiot in his single-mindedness . But the times have changed . With todays fast growing amount of scientific knowlege and the fast pace of research - new findings published almost every day - no one can know everything these days anymore . So the specialist , who was laughed at only 150 years ago , seems now to be the ideal of an educated person . However I think one should try to take the best parts of both educational ideals for oneself . And my suggestion to make this possible , is not to try to gain broad and specific knowledge at the same time , but one after the other . During primary and secondary school there is plenty of time to teach the students different subjects and viewpoints . Even if it seems to be a waste of time because there wo n't be an opportunity to use the attained things later on , it will still widen the students mind and help him organizing things s/he learns later on . For example , when I went to secondary school , I was taught Latin and Ancient Greek - which both do n't serve much purpose in todays world , but it helped me not only to study French and Spanish easily but also told me a lot about European history and mythology , what is quite important for job I do now . On the other side , when somebody enters university or has already studied some years , it 's time to take a decision and choose a subject or a focus for his graduate time . Because of the above mentioned imense amount of available knowledge , this focusing on one field is propably the only way to be really good at it . ( Which again is in my opinion the main party in doing something ) . So my ideal is somebody who has a broad basis of knowledge , which makes him able to decide , based on the broad basis , in which subject he wants to specialise in later .
(TEL,medium) without hardwork and risks , we cant succeed in our life . I totally agree with the statement . Only by doing some new things , we can invent something new in this world .. Alonso was f1 formula race winner last time . He tried new things in the track , through that he won the tournament . He got lots of risks but finally he won the touranmentThat is important . Every field needs news things to done . In the medicine field , every successful scientist need to do some new things . Only then they can invent some new drugs . By doing already known things that will help us to do the particular thing perfectly . But by trying new things it gives some suceess in our life . For example , once Michael sczhumager was succesful man in f1 formula race . But , last time he didnt performed well and he has been replaced by Alonso russian driver . Main reason for his failure was ferrari formula car , because he havent tried his drive with other engines like mclaren , tata etc . Thats why he couldnt win last tournament . Till there is no drug found to cure HIV virus . People who have completed their doctarate in this domain , they need to research on new things regarding to this disease , only then its possible to find drug for this disease . Only by trying new things , victories , new invention can be made . Thats why most of the successful person tries with new things rather than only doing what they already know .
(TUR,medium) When the conditions of the today 's academic and business environment are considered , it is a better idea to specialize in one specific subject than trying to get pieces of knowledge in many subjects . In the very begining of the evolution of science , many scientists used to deal with a variety of areas . For example , the ancient Greek scientists were both mathmeticians and philosophers at the same time . It was true at that time when the conditions of the agricultural society was taken into account . There were very few people interested in science and they used to deal with many subjects at the same time . However , many several branches of science are formed in history with an effort to specialize in different topics . The today 's world necessisates this progress . For example , as the computer tecnhology improved , different sorts of specialist began to emerge in this area . In my opinion , specializing in one subject gives you the chance to focus on this topic . For instance , you may have some knowledge about the hardware of computers , some about programming but you cannot deal with a problem which envolves a huge knowledge and experience about a specific situation in one subject . If it was possible to learn all the things about many different subjects , people would do that . However , a life of a human being is not enough for this . Favors of studying in many different academic subjects argue that it may give you the possibility conduct a research with different aspects of it . Although these statement is partially correct , my suggestions would be conduct the same research with many specialists in different subjects . I believe that the second way would give better results taking the each individuals own specialization into account .
(TEL,high) The issue at hand is whether there will be fewer number of cars in usage in the next twenty years . In my view as the technology is progerssing at a faster pace and the economy of an induvidual will be increased so there will be increase in the number of cars in the next twenty years . Firstly , when we consider from a point of improvement in the technology many advancements have been made in the field of technology when we deal with the cars of the past they used to give a lesser mileage than the sophisticated and welly improvised cars of today offer . When we relate technology to the economic conditions of any country , as there is an improvement in the technology and hence it would create employment for the people there by the economic status of the induvidual increases and hence the car being the symbol of luxury everyone want to travel in a car so in my view the usage of number of cars would drastically increase in the next twenty years . Futhermore , when we look at the issue from other point of view like when the time is taken into considerartion the cars of today are much faster basically because of the technology used . For example in olden days in the sense in the nineteenth century the means of transport was mainly by buses , cycles and trams , but after the foray of the cars into the world of transport it revolutionised the field by not only providing luxury , and comfort but also people were able to reach their destination in time . In a busy world of today where every thing is run by machines time is the major constraint . So for the people to reach their destination as early as possible cars provide a basic means of transport . Lastly when we consider the fuel which is used in the cars there has been a drastic improvement . Initially it was petrol and diesel , now due to the advancement of technology the cars are driven by using batteries , by using latest technology of using a Motor-Generator set mechanism which bought a revolution in the field , so people will have various options to choose from and the research is still going on in this field to find out a cheaper fuel on which the cars will run so it will affordable to all the sections of people , so the usage of cars is going to increase in the future . I disagree with the issue that there will be fewer number of cars in the next twenty years because improvement of technology , foray of various kinds of fuel on which the cars can run , and the economic conditions of the countries , the life style of people - these are the various factors which contribute to more usage of the cars in the next twenty years and near future .
(FRE,medium) Travelling is must commun in our century . The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Travelling in a group is important for people who are visiting a new place or country for their first time . for example , when you take a vacation and decide to visit a country for your first time , it will be better to travel in a group . Morever , as you you to visit many places , it will be fine in a group led by a tour guide . for instance , in Los Angeles , there are many people who came to visit in a group some time led by a tour guide . However , some people do not thing that the best way to travel is a group led by a tour guide . In my country ( CAMEROON ) , usually in our culture , people do not like to travel in a group and they do not want to be help by a guide . For example , last year , my parents decided for their vacation to travel to CAP VERDE in south Africa . There were group trip but they did not want to travel whit them because they think it 's better to find a place by yourself . Thus , in my opinion , I deem that it is the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide . Because in that way you get a free guide and a chance to visit many places easily
(HIN,high) Yes , I agree with the statement that `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . '' Infact , in today 's highly competitive world , most young people 's sole focus is personal success and glory . An aim that they start chasing from a very young age . From getting into the best college , to getting the best job and making the most money . These are the priorities that drive the young these days . Helping the community is never really a pressing concern for the young . Take for example the `` Brain drain '' in countries like India . A phenomenon where most young and brilliant people choose to pursue their studies and careers abroad in countries such as the USA and others in Europe . Their main motivation is a better standard of life and earning more money . Most of these people never return to their native country and as a result deprive it of their input and the much required help . Young people who do have strong morals and want to help their communities and country , often feel helpless in doing so and feel that they do n't have enough power to make a change alone and that they would be in a better position to help their community if they were successful and powerful . As a result they put off helping their communities , while they pursue their careers . Some of these people do follow their original intentions and work for their community , but most get caught up in their worldy affairs and find that they do n't have the time or the inclination to help their communities . Well in my opinion , its not really the fault of young people who are driven by their ambitions and ca n't find the time in their very hectic lives to help the community . You could say that the world is heading towards this situation of apathy because of the ever increasing need to stay ahead of the competition and succeed in the global environm
(TEL,high) Yes , i agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . For example , a product say a shampoo or some beauty product is advertised in an extra-ordinary manner with a beautiful woman , a serene background , a great and pompous music and captivating puchlines and narration . But , in reality i dont think the product would be so great . It would be like any other beauty product that we may be using with slight differences in colour , odour and ofcourse , the price . Most companies advertise their products in this manner because , they have to compete with other companies which manufacture similar products . Each manufacturing company wants to be ahead of all of its counterparts . So , each company tries to advertise its product in a unique manner so that conmsumers are attracted towards its products . They advertising procedure is unique but the products will be some what similar . This is because , a product manufactured to meet a particular requirement has more or less the same ingredients . For example , basic ingredients of a cold cream will always be the same . So , each manufacturer has to use the same basic ingredients to manufature the cold cream . The things which can be different are the colour and odour of the cold cream , its packing style etc . Other reasons for such pompous advertisements could be to lure the consumers to buy more and more of their products . If advertising is done in a grand way by involving a popular personality or a celebrity then that would attract more attention and will help in the increasing the sales of the product . For example , if a product is endorsed by a hollywood star , then many of his/her fans and admirers would buy the product out of their adulation towards the star . So , advertising is done in a very grand and pompous manner using various marketing techniques in order to increase the sale of a product , though the product may not be as great as it would be shown in the advertiment . This is done to increase the sales of the product so that it brings in profits to its manufacturing company .
(ARA,medium) In fact , there are great changes of our life nowadays , and the style of life is very fast than before . Most of the young people are busy about their future in this type of life and have not enough time to help their communities because they care about themselves only and sometimes because of the lack of their schedulest of young people are struggling to reach to high positions in their career and to increase their salaries . Concerning their dreams to reach to high position in the job , the person exerts his best effort by any ways to achieve his goal to be for example , the manager of the company , so he seeks for himself not for his community . Second thing , young peoples are caring about is to gain money as much as they can to be a rich man in ashort time , that can be through more than one job to save more money or by travelling abroad to gain more money , so the main aim of the young people is themselves only high position and much money , and their communities are not in their minds . In addition to the previous reason , the young people have not enough time to serve their communities is the inability of the young people to arrange their times through a schedule or by following the concept of priority . Regarding the schedule , If the person put aschedule everyday about the duties , he will do , I think he can find enough time to help his community through helping the poor people , give some training lessons to children . Second thing , which is very important to the young people is to put in their minds the priority to give some time for his community by many ways to hel the community to solve its problems . The young peoples , besides their dreams , they should give sometime to their community . In summary , the young peoples have not enough time to help their communities due to their interesting only about their dreams to high rank and more money , and otherthing , they have not the ability to arrange the time and their societies ias away from their minds .
(TEL,low) YES I agree with the above statement the sucessful people try newthings and take risks rather than only doing . because the sucessfull wants to try a different thing to be discover even is it a risk try and try until that sucessfull work is discovered if we think it is risk we can get thing in these world for example the telephone is discoverd by the grahambell the telephone is very important in the daily life of the evary man . The telephone is used for communication between the two users . so if the grahambell think that is very risk to discover these experiments means we can know about the telephones . one more example about the sentences is the television the television is used for entertainment . In the television we can the update news and we can gather some important information . one more exmaple is the computer the computer is used for sevareal ways these is very usefuls in office , colleges , restuarants and so on . In the office it is used to store the records and some ionforamtion is stored in the computer . for the computer we can give a username and password to open a particular member only . and no body can open his files and cant watch . one more exmaple is the internet it is used to know the any types of information we can gaher from internet and we can chat with the other people through yahoo messenger with the internet we can download the important information and we can apply the universities for m.s . one more example is the digital calcutor it is used to store the information and the biodata of a particular person and we can save the inforamtion in these . Now a days mobiles are very important in the dailylife every one is using these mobiles these is used for communciation and storing some important inforamtion and telephone numbers and even we can save the songs and we can listen and w can watch the movies in mobiles in the mobiles there is a internet also we can get any type of inforamtion from the mobiles so finally we can sucesss everything untill we can suceess so sucessfull people will try new things even its risk finally Try and try untill u sucess is my philophosy .
(CHI,medium) I both agree and disagree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Young people have more energy to do the fun things . Older people already experience their frustrated lives . Although young people have more chances to explore the world than old people do , they also have more opportunities to face the frustration than elders do . Young people have more energy to do the fun things . My parents always tell me that `` go explore the outside world when you are still young '' . Young people only have one advantage and it is their young age because they do not have any wealth and experience . Young people can enjoy their lives by exploring outside world and trying many new stuff . We young people enjoy our life different than older people do . Young people have to use the advantage energy to explore more or we will be regret when we are old . Older people already experience their frustrated lives . After getting old , they will have the merry lives if they persist healthy . Elders do not need to do anything for their lives , thay can sleep late , read newspaper , watch TV , play golf , spend time with their grandchildren and do everything they expect to do during the free time . Older people can enjoy their lives by having a lot of free time . Elders can use this advantage to spend more time with their families befor Jesus is coming for them . Although young people have more chances to explore the world than old people , they also have more opportunities to face the frustration than elders . Young people have less chance to go through the miserable events . Young people will feel really painful when they face the frustrations . Older people have no chance to explore the world anymore because of their age . Elders will be miserable if they do not have any family or friend . Young people begin to explore their lives and to try the new stuff . Elder already pass the miserable period and they enjoy their lives by spending more time with the families . Both young people and older people enjoy their lives equally but in different ways .
(KOR,medium) Nowadays , many people can see lots of advertisements . that is very effected to people . so , making an advertisement is very important for the company . I think most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . First , a purpose of advertising a product is to sell more . so , they can add some lie in order to sell more . For example , I remembered that one company make an advertisement for a hair shampoo . In the TV , the advertisement introdce that when I use the shampoo , my hair change to silk . that 's lie and exaxerate . but the company sold lots of them . Second , if they tell only fact about a product on advertisements , no one will buy the product . If I were the advertisement maker , I will not tell only fact . In fact , many company try to show more better than to show more factly . It 's of couse . Third , no one intervene hardly on their advertisement idea . many advertisements make products much better . But If one company only express their product they really are , the company will do n't succeed . they have to sell their product . Therefore , a purpose of advertising a product is to sell more . and many company try to show more better than to show more factly . and no one intervene hardly on their advertisement . It 's free . so most advertisements make products looks better and want to show better than they really are .
(KOR,medium) It is debatable whether people have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . Some people say that one specific sudject is better because it can learn deep in one subject . However as far as I am concerned board knowledge is better for two reasons . First , it gives a chance to know other fields which need in lives . Second , It helps us dicover talents for other subject . To begin with , broad knowledge allows us to chance to meet other people . We can learn other field . Actually , we know how to live my lives . However , when we take lecture about our major , we do not obtain experience that we need to lives . Let give you an example . Acording to the pofessor Kim man-ho who is one of the famous socialist in Korea , 68.2 % of students want to learn broad knowlwdge of mant academic subjects . When I was 11 in the first year of colloge , I learn about other subjects because i was preparing license of elementry education . My major is art history so I need a other subject . This shows that Intensive knowledge is necessaru than one specific subject . Next , we might be know our skills . If we study one subject , we should not know our feature in other fields . Learning intensive knowledge enables us discover potensial for my telents . Let me take you for example . When I was 18 , I only studyed film . However I took lecture science and i can discover my talents . I connect both film and science . I can make film about science . knowing the board knowledge is present for me . In conclusion , It it better to have knoeledge of many acade
(KOR,medium) There exist an old Korean proverb , `` Be the best in one field is the best , '' this saying indicates that a profound knowledge of one area is more beneficial . however , I strongly believe that the wide knowledge of various academic areas is much better because broad knowledge fits with todays world and let people be open minded , First , contemprary society requires the multi-knowledge of many field . unlike the past , with the advent of the era of the globalization and high techiques , people need to be flexible in work area . one should have enough foriegn language ability with engineering or other fields at the same time . soley being the specialist of one field can not catch up with todays changings . according to the statistics , more than 70 % of CEOs said they prefer multi person because those can propriately step with todays rapidly changing trends . in this sense , wide knowledge gives good effects on people . On top of that , a broad knowledge makes people more open minded . through learing differents and various fields one can raise a sense of understanding other things and broadens his or her horizons . to take an example , experts have verified that the one who has wide range of academic ability is more likely to accept others opinions because he or she has learned the different but repectable concepts of many subjects . in this respect , broad knowledge of many areas leads people to a good way . To sum up , despite some adventages of becomming an expert of one field , those of the wide knowledge far out weigh . since learing multi areas can confer an ability to adapt to fastly moving world and a good personality , a sense of understanding and open mind . how can the one stubborn and old-style expert can suvives 21th century ?
(TUR,high) An idea or a concept is a point of a view about a fact and different people may have different thoughts and use different methods about the same topic . I believe it is equally important for students to understand ideas and concepts and to learn facts about a topic . To explain better , it can be said that the facts are like the targets and the different ideas and concepts about that fact is like the different ways going to the same target . For example one can say that the best way of melting the ice is by heating while the other can argue that putting the ice in the room temperature and wait till it melts is a better way . The two have different ideas about melting ice and of course have reasonable explanations for their own method , but this does not change the fact that the ice turns into water at the same temperature under same conditions . I think , the students should first learn about the facts but it is an important for them to learn also how other people reach to those facts . To give an example , fact is like a car and the ideas and concepts are like how to use a car . One without the other has no meaning , and both are necessasry to drive a car . Consequently , to learn about the facts is crucial for the students but at the same time to learn about the other people 's points of view , their thoughts and their methods is also an important part of their learning process .
(FRE,high) The world is made up different people , those who are risks takers and those who do only what they know or those who only do what they are told to do . But what makes people successful in life ? Is it the fact that some of them are willing to take risk or simply because others will only and simply go by what they are told or what they know . What are the characteristics of successful people ? Someone who is successful inded is someone who is always willing to go beyong what he is being told to do . Usually a risk taker will develop new ideas , will find new strategies and new ways to better explain a situation or an experiment . FOr example , a student who is willing to go further in an experiment in order to find a response to a question or a problem will more likely succeed than another student who does not . The student who is willing to go another mile will probably find answers to the problems that he is encountering in an experiment . The risks takers usually succeed in life and in everything they do . I say usually because it is not always true in every cases . A good example of a risk taker is someone is someone who will travel to an unknown country not knowing where exactly he or she wil be going . Going to an unknown country is quite challending . The fact that you do not know the culture , the obstacles that you may encounter throughout your journey , make it a risk . However , it is a new environment , a new culture and the person will certainly learn from that experience . In any case whether it is good or bad , I believe there is always a lesson to learn from every experience . The person who takes it upon him or her to learn a new language or live in an environment other than his or her original one will morelikely be successful because he or her would learn so much from that experience . Rather a person who do not want to try anything new , will always be confined in the same environment and wo n't be subject to anything new . By taking risks you may develop new skills , that you never thoughts you had . But how would you know the strength and the qualities that you have if you are not willing to give it a try . I definitely beleive that successful oeple are the one who are willing to take risks rather than only doing what they already know . Being a risk taker is what teaches you new things , and makes you develop new skills and aptitudes that you were probably not aware of .
(TUR,medium) In my opinion this kind of approach to the subject is not eligible . Because if you just consider the fact of their doing enough or not enough for the community you could always get the conclusion that they are n't doing enough . I am quite sure that there steadily is a great amount of work to do in the community . I think if one is thinking about this problem you have to generally think about what young people are doing in their free time . There are a lot of activities which could be done by adolescents like sports or activities in theater groups ect . But they do still too much time wasted for video games , tv and stuff like that . Therefore , I think young people should generally rethink their activities in their free time . Besides , there is still the great problem that a great amount of pupils nowadays have great difficulties in school . They are not motivated to achieve good grades and tend to forget how important their education is for their future . Thus I think it is much more imported to get teenagers to do something at all before we argue about the sense of community work . Nevertheless , doing community work could be a way to accomplish this goal . Doing some projects in their communites could be a great opportunity for them to find something they are really interested like reading fary tales to smaller children for instance . I did this as well when I was younger and discovered my great interest in telling people stories and joined a theater group afterwards . The acknowledgement they would surely get could be a great experience in order to get an idea of what it 's like when you merit something you worked very hard for . Taking care of a small group of younger adolescents could help in improving ther leadership abilities which is a quite necessary soft skill nowadays . By keeping into contact with younger people they could as well help them solving their problems because sometimes parents are not able to do so because of the fact that they are much older and not familiar with these kind of troubles anymore . Finally . I liked to finish this essay with the conclusion that young people should generally do more activities in their free time .
(ITA,medium) This question perfectly fits with my personal experience , in fact I had to face to this important question during my career as a student before and a worker after . At university I have studied political science , a faculty which gave me a wide knowledge other different subjects , such as politic , history , economy , languages , sociology , philosophy , mathematic , law , etc . During the period of my studies I have found them really usefull and not boring at all , because I could study different issues at the same time , making university a vary and always new method of learning . The same day I had lessons of private law , mathematic and sociology , and this variety of subjects avoided the risk of getting tired of studing always the same thing . Then I graduated , and I had to face the incredible world of job . And only at this point I have found out that all what I had studied at university gave me on one side a wide range of knowledges , but on the other a lack in the specific knowledge of one main subject . In all this , which knowledge is better ? The broad knowledge of many academic subjects or the specialization in one specific subject ? I still have to find myself the right answer , so that I have to arrange this lack giving a compromising answer : it 's better to have a specialized knowledge in one subject which we like and on which we can focus our job and career , but we should optimize this specialization by widening as much as possible our basic knowledge of different subjects . Another important factor concerns our goals : if our goal is to find a good and well retributed job , so we have to specialize in one subject because this is what is more needed and asked in the job 's world . Nowadays there are more graduated with a good wide knoledge than graduated with a good specialization in one field of studies . On the other hand , if our goal is to have a general knowledge other different aspects which may help to understand one single sector of our life , such as for istance political science , we have to spend years other different academic subjects , studying a bit of everything .
(GER,high) I do not agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Still , I have to clarify from the start that I do not believe either that older people enjoy life more than younger people do . In my opinion , this is just a statement too general . It always depends on the respective living conditions and on external factors such as the family situation , the region in the world one lives in , personal health etc . Moreover , there are numerous young people that are depressive and do not know what to to with their lifes because of missing perspectives due to high unemployment rates or bad social conditions , while many older people enjoy their lifes because they have already accomplished something and they can look at things more relaxed . However , others would state that it must be the other way round and would expect most older and elderly people to suffer from diseases , loneliness and the feeling of being abandoned by society while they would claim young people to be full of happiness and energy because everything is still possible for them . Besides the controversy of this statement , I would say that in general it can be easier to enjoy life when you are older , only with regard to the financial situation . I assume that it is often the case that you have more time to travel and do the things you would enjoy most while you are young , but you simply do not have the money . Likewise , many retired people fulfill their dreams when they are old because it is only then that they have both the time and the money to do what pleases them . In addition , also working people are able to lead a better life than the young because they are independent and can choose how to spend their money according to their wishes . Consequently , one could also imply that older people enjoy their life more because they have waited to do so all their life and are only now able to appreciate their exclusive situation , while young people do not reflect as much about what they are actually doing and experiencing . Still , it might be exactly this characteristic that makes life easier and more enjoyful and fun for young people . Their life is not as complex and restricted as that of older people who have certain responsibilities and duties to think of first . Younger people are free to do what comes on their mind and do not have to think about possible implications immediately as they do not have as many posessions and belongings as older people . One has to keep this freedom in mind if one discusses the above statement . In summary , it is not an easy question to answer whether old or either young people are leading a happier life . However , I think one should try to make the best of life - at every age .
(FRE,medium) Nowadays we can find lots of products in the market . In order to sell these products , there are also many advertisements . I do agree this this statement which says that most of advertisements make products seem much beter than they really are . First , for example when you see in television some products , it attracts you . Then when you go shopping and you bring this product at home . But , when you taste it you are very disapointed because you do not feel like the person on the advertisment . You feel unhappy . It is true that sometimes I buy products that I have seen in advertisement . For example , last time I bought some yoghurts I saw in advertisement , and it was said that it is not too sweet . I do not tell you my dissatisfaction when I put one spoon fo this in my mouth . But It was too sweet ! Thus , the advertisment lies . Secondly , some advertisements draw you attention because the picture you see is very pretty and attractive . So you decide to find this good you see and o the market where you can bring it . Sometimes what you see do not correspond to what you have seen in the advertisement . I would like to state you one of my experience . I am not one of those who like to watch television but when I put it on and decide to see some program I look even advertisement . Anyway , I saw a vaccum in advertisement and decided to go and see it . Of course I intended to buy it . But I do not because it does not look like what I saw , however it was exactly the same product . To conclude , I would just want to you aware of the fact that often advertisements are not true . Their aim is to make you buy thier products and to show attractive things . Consequently , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
(ITA,medium) I think advertisements are soul of commerce . No one can sells his products without advertisements . I agree with the statement because I have found a lot of product that seemed much better than they really was . I think the reason that could take a seller to use that kind of advertisements is that people are really impressonable . If they see an advertisement that promise them a lot , they certainly think that the product that advertisement represent is better than another one which promise them less . Nowadays I can say that a very large number of sellers use this kind of advertisements . The first example I can talk about is diet products . In the television we can see a lot of advertisements saying that using that product we could lose a lot of kylos in few weeks or days . We immediately can understand that this it is an advertisement that makes the product seems better than it really is . We all know that there is n't any product that permits you to lose ten or twenty kilos in two weeks , and if it exists , it will be really dangerous . I can talk about this product also because my mother tried a lot of this products , and no one of them has given the results she wanted . Another example I can use is banks or financial group which lend you money . In their advertisements it seems like that you can use their money and to gave it back is really easy . But there are a lot of clauses , generally writed small and in the end of the contract , that explain what you have to do to give their money back . Generally here you can read about really high tax of interest and other problems you will have to confront later , and that give you more troubles . The last example is shampoos . In the tv advertisements sellers promise you that their product will make your hairs bright , strength , difficult to break and many other promise that generally are n't true . I tried a lot of shampoos which have no one of the characteristics I have said before . In conclusion I can say that advertisements generally make product seem much better than they really are .
(GER,high) I am in favour of the argument that over the next twenty years the amount of cars in use will be decreasing . Even though large parts of the world 's population will increase their mobility through economic growth , the negative impact of cars will outweigh this natural growth potential . For example if China 's and India 's economic growth allows people to buy more cars , governments in both countries will need to react quickly to avoid the adverse effects of increased individual mobility . Firstly , ecologically it will not be possible to continue using as many cars as today in the future . Our environment is already suffering strongly from pollution caused by cars . For example breathing and skin problems occur more often on people living in city centre locations than on the country side . Furthermore our cultural heritage is endangered by car pollution as exhaust is attacking architectural works . Secondly , economically it is not intelligent to count on individualised transport means . Increasing congestion leads to large losses for an economy . A lot of people stuck in their car are not working and loose time to contribute to growth of GDP . First steps to integrate the cost of this time loss have been taken in London and Singapure by introducing a congestion charge in city centres . Therefore , in future it will be more expensive to use cars than to use public transport . Thirdly , most cars require petrol or oil for their engine . Considering that the exploitable world oil reserves are not increasing anymore , oil will become more and more expensive , making car driving a luxury . Furthermore as large amounts of oil reserves are located in the Middle East or in politically unstable countries such as Venezuela it is becoming increasingly dangerous for societies to rely on oil as the engine of their transport means . This is possibly the strongest argument to move to other tranport means than cars as we know them . In conclusion , the trends laid out above are providing enough information to suggest that there will be less cars in use twenty years from now .
(ITA,medium) Helping communities is a great thing to do and there are many people involved in this `` job '' with the aim of substaining and helping as much as they can . Usually this help comes from the curches and from the charity associations as a volunteers ' occupation and it 's very useful and gratefying . But if we look with more accurancy we can see that the people that works there , are usually middle age - old people that thing that spending more time there is better than wating time . So it 's true that the young people do n't do enough for their communieties . Instead of staying hours in front of the computers waiting for something more interesting they should go out and do something useful and important for their communietes . It is n't an hard work . For example , it means going to the church 's playfield and help the mothers to control their children , help an old woman to buy her dinner at the supermarket or help an old man to take his dog out . Frankly it 's nothing so difficult to do . Personally I think that working in charity shops or helping people in difficult it 's more gratefying than how they think . These stuations should help them to be more sensitive in front of these people but especially to understand the importance of their occupation . This way a young boy/girl is going to face the real problems and the real situations that could happen during their lives . And I think that there is nothing better to be prepared about what could happen in the future .
(GER,medium) I do not agree with the statement that in twenty years fewer cars will be in use than there are today , because of the importance of cars as a means of transportation . In a globalized world cars have very much influence on our whole life . They are an important means of transportation in trade as well as a means of a flexible lifestyle . Without cars the exchange of goods in a globalized world would be much more complicated . Also the exchange of people , in the sense of employees and workers , would be much more difficulty . Many people depend on their car to reach work . For example people who are working in Frankfurt or other big cities are often forced to drive many hours to their place of work , because they can not afford appartments in the cities to life in . Without a car they would be forced to move houses or to find work next to their home , which is in many cases because of the high unemployment not possible . Without a car people would not be flexible any longer . They would be forced to take the bus or the train , which are often overcrowded , late and in the case of train in Germanz very expansive . The limitation of cars would have a deep impact on the whole society . If there would be less cars it would be necessary to replace them by other sources of transportation , like trains or busses . Today many cities lack the financial capacities to finance such a big project . Because cars vary in their prices and are therefore also accesible for people with a smaller amount , many people will keep buying them in the future . To come to a conclusion I would say that today cars are an important means of transportation as well as a status symbole , and will therefore increase in the future .
(CHI,medium) Depending on personal experience , personality typically and emotional kinds . Some people believe young people enjoy life more because of the high energy they have mean while others prefer old people enjoy life more for they got more experience and more time . From my point of view , I think the old prople enjoy life more than young people . My arguement are listed as follows . One of the main reason for my thought of this is the time . The old people , scarely , live longer . They get more experience in life . After the long time in their life , the olders konw more about what is life than teenagers . They konw what is the most improtant thing in their life , what is the most avanuble in their life . Some times only konw the things which get hard , person can enjoy it . For instence , we always see some couples stay almost fifty years or above . That is a important defienition the prove the time . Another idea is just as most people says . The old people have much time arranged by themselves . For the young person , they all just begin their carrers . They should spent much time on their working , learing and so many other things in their life . All these things will make so important effection in the future . So they can just use the limit time do these things will first . But we can see , the working , learing all these things cost much time . If the time is shorted , how could people enjoy their life well . So compered with the young people , olders get the enjoyable of the life more . Although I agree that the young people have more energy than olders . This make them more activy . But if open the newspaper and the television , usually can see the news like a teenager kill heself for think the world is boring . From those , can get the idea that although have more energy , they also feel more boring . In a word , old people get more experience about life , they know the meaning of time deeply . They kow the importance also they have more free time . So old people enjoy life more .
(ARA,medium) As a young man ithink that young peopel nowadayes do noy give enough time to helping their communities , from my experians i my self dont give time to help the communities and i dont feel that is a thing that i have to do . young peopel nowadays taught from there parents that they dont have to help , and that they have to work hard to make themself better and that is it . most of young peopel dont have time to help communities becaus they are spend all the time for themself as they taught so it is not their faults to act like that . Another reason for not helping the communities is that we think ( including me as young one ) that the companies that support the communities is doing every thing and the communitie dont need any thing from us . In the end peopel can change and young peopel also they just need some one to show them the way so they can help , like the teashers in school or advertysment in the different media like tv , news paper , radio , this will help them yo understand that their is other thing need them and that is not every thing for the money .
(SPA,medium) Many books may have been written about the subject : `` 3 Keys to Success '' , `` 10 Easy steps to to reach the top '' . There might probably be even a `` Comple Idiot 's Guide to Success '' . But there is a thought that always comes to my mind regarding to life stories that achieved success . Those people certainly tried new things and took risks rather than sticking to routine . I cannot but agree with the premise : innovators and risk-takers are the stuff for success . Some people argue that once you find out what you are good at , you should stick to it . These strategy suggests that this conservative , risk avoiding behaviour , assures some kind of success while avoiding any chance to fail . But even people who enter this routine of doing always the same suffer failure sometimes . I must agree that I ca n't imagine Einstein suddenly trying to succeed in football . Yes , he should remain in the science field . But , on the other hand , his unquenchable desire for knowledge moved him forward in his research . His quest for the new , made him one of the famoust scientist there will ever be . On the other side , holding a totally different position , are restless people who are constantly trying new things and risking everything to be singled out off mediocrity . People who take high risks , are focused on big gains . For example Columbus undertook a risky trip , but his name remains written in every history book . The Wrights brothers went after a dream which was deemed impossible in their time . These are the people from which we can say they are outstanding . While I do n't think we should go around doing crazy stuff , we should always try to escape routine . Repeating ourselves too much , is like slow death . It never ends in success .
(ITA,high) Every day we face decisions that make us do something better trying a new way . but we usually forget them and focuses only on the big one decision because those can completely change our life . Successful people usually are more lucky with those great decisions , but I do believe that successful people are not only those who take risks , but those who can understand when take a risk trying something new , and also if their decision affects negatively other people . Many situations in life could determine if a risk is worth taking , and are related to the field in wich the decision are taken and the fallouts of this decision . For example a basketball coach could face the situation in wich he has to decide to try something new and unusual to win a game , such changing the defense schemes that help him win many games in the past . In this case the risk could pay off and give him success . On the other hand if someone is a very good medical doctor , he has many patients and has a large family , but suddently he decides to became a professional painter that risk would only hurt his patients , leaving them without a cure , and his family , leaving them without financial support . For them he was already successful by doing what he learned and was trained to do . I think that one major mistake that we usually commit is to measure success with creativity . Of course a person can be successful if he do something in a new way , but there can be success also in attaining excellence in a field . I do believe that the ability to take rational risks is very valuable , but otherwise it is more easy to be the better one doing something if you already are doing this particular things .
(JPN,high) I agree with the statement . One reason is that in commercials , people may be fooled by sound effects or colors that have nothing to do with the product . For example , when advertising action figures or dolls , the commercial may include voices so that it seems as though the doll is talking to you , even though the doll does not talk . Another reason I agree with the statement is the ad may just completely lie to you . Such as in tobacco ads , although the company knows that smoking makes you less attractive , they use beautiful people in their advertisements . If these people in the ads actually did smoke , they would not be so beautiful . Example number two is when people say that the price of something is cheaper than a similar product , but truly , it is more expensive because it says tiny at the bottom , `` two payments '' . The third reason I believe most advertisements make products seem better than they actually are is they use people that have not even tried the product just saying that they have . A very realistic example is dieting product commercials . Extremely thin people that have never heard of the product sit in front of the camera lying to the public that they got thin just by using the product and nothing else . Last but not least , ads say that `` this is a limited time offer '' and a year later , you find out that it is still on the market , cheaper . Actually , this is a real experience . One day I was watching TV and I saw a commercial selling a product and saying , `` this product will only be sold for this week only ! '' . So , I bought it at a price of $ 29.99 . The next year , I was out shopping with my friends , and I saw the exact same thing at Wal-mart for $ 19.99 . So , I strongly agree that many products are advertised much better than they really are . Companies need to make products that actually work well just the way they are advertised . That way all customers will be happy with their product , and possibly buy more from that company , so both the business and the buyer will be satisfied .
(ITA,medium) In these years there are less partecipation from the young people to help their communities . I am one of the young people nowadays and I agree that young people take care a very short time to helping their communities , but I understand also the reasons because they do it . The first reason is that with this new global world with a lot of videogames , football or music programs , bring the young people to spent a very long time to play videogames , or to play some sport , instead of to help their communities . A second reason is that the information about communities in all town is very small and much of young people do n't know what is it a communitie . Therefore , young people do n't give time to helping communities because they do n't know the existence of these communities . A last reason is that in these years life is very fast and if young people study sever hours every day for the school and in free time they play a sport to relax them , they have no time to help their communities . From these reasons is clear my opinion . I agree that young people spent no time to help their communities and spent a lot of time in different and useles things . But I am also a young people and I understand their behaviour , because they live in a very fast world with many television and videogames and if they study much of their free time , like me , they ca n't give enough time to helping their communities . However , if they have a lot of free time they should to help their communities because is a very good way to spent their time .
(TUR,medium) There are many ways or system for education . some system prefer to educate as teaching idea and concepts , and some systems are teaching the facts . I strongly agree and support the idea that learning facts is always the most important thing in an education . lecturers and teachers mus encourage their students to face the facts instead of living in a dream world . In our days there are many researchs about physicoligacal condition of young people . Big percentage of the young people involved in these researches are unhappy and complaining for their lives . The reason for this is , they are not at the position they demanded to be . Because they were living in a dream world when they were teenagers . Nobody told them the trues and the facts of the life . On the other hand if you tell a student always about any ancient Greek hero or scholar lived in a historical time and always support the ideas that the hero stated , the student will begin to thing with the character you presented . But the student cannot seperate and understand the conflicts between the ideas of this character and the facts of our decade , due to his \ her young age . The other problem is our life is different than before . When you make a mistake , the result has worse impact than before . That result may lead a terrible effect to the student future life . the best idea to avoid these bad results , teachers must perform the meeting of the students with the facts as soon as they can . the worst thing is any bad experience that is impossiple to correct .
(HIN,medium) Pleasure taking the honour in analysing the given statement , i would like to stand aganist the topic that the students should be relaying more on facts than on concepts and ideas . A student gets most of the concepts from the class room lectures thus he creates a basic idea about a topic ( mostly outdated ) , but he gains knowledge about facts from the outer world through various sources like media , friends , articles ... etc If we stress on the Definition `` A FACT can be defined as a statement given after a through observation and consicutive proven reasults with experments '' it is always be demonistarble , but in contrast a `` concept '' is always derived from a `` fact '' which has been defined earlier thus leading to a new idea ! Concepts and Ideas are brainchilds of facts , and they do vary on a consistent basis with the technology advancements , as the consistency of an old fact is pretty less with the advanced technology there are all chances that the concepts and ideas do change . To name few the old scientific theories are no longer good in the morden era , the present day science formuate the concepts based on fatcs and observations reliving the importance of facts . To name few . 1. Gallelio `` theory of gravitation '' . - gravitation laws and earth 's orbit 2. Darwin `` theory of natural selection '' . 3. `` Theories of genetics '' . 4 Arthametics `` law of boyency '' 5. Newton Laws . A fact under prolonged expermental condition becomes a concept and a law would if refered by future generations , and there are even some concepts which are discarded as the facts were proved to be genune that the old concepts to name few 1. Old concepts of churches where they used to say a. earth formed in seven days , b.Earth is Round . c. Traits are inherited from generation to generation . few concepts are often challenged if they do not have enough support of facts , to name few some of the modern scientists say that there is global warming but other do challenge them , as there is no physical evidence showing that the phenomen is relivent and do exisist So as a student it was the age where he pumps in knowledge to become intallectual it is important for him to know the facts and learning them than allocation more time on the concepts and reinforcing them thus making himself almost uncompetent with the present day world
(ARA,medium) I dont agree at all that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities . Of course , technology may distract young people and may let them very occupied , but it is not necessary that they do not give enough time to helping their communities . If you look around you and you see the developed projects , it is because of young people and I consider these developments as a help to communities . I think that helpness is not only substancial or tactile thing , I mean that you can also help your community by loving them and giving them a lot of passion . I am a big example to prove that young people are helpful to community . I am eighteen years old and I am in a medicin college . I have alot of subjects to study and a lot of work to do but I work as a volenteer in an orpahange in my country every weekend and every summer holiday . In addition , I think it is a big help if young poeple help their communities but they do not give enough time for this helping , I mean that ther are at least help . For example , my cousin is fond of Internet , she is always setting 24 hours on the computer and searching on the Internet and chatting and having a lot of fun , although , she rarely do a benefit web sites which help people in different fields , and because she seldom helps people , I think she is a very helpful person . In conclusion , the more young people give enough time to helping communities , the more developments we will reach and in my opinion , every young person is welling to help his or her community as much as he or she can .
(CHI,low) Many people asserted that youg people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities . Although it would easy to accept this statement at fact value , it is such a complex one . Personally , I disagree this statement for two reasons . The first reason for my disagreement is that personailty . A man 's worth is not lie in what he has but lie what he is . That is to say , personailty is essentially . Take me for example . When I was college student , Even we had a lot of things to do , we still seprated the rest of time to helping our communities . We do a lot of things such as assisted taking care homeless child , play with them , and read story for them . Therefor , I did n't yough people spend few of time to helping their communities . Another reason is that young people would like to enrich their experice and increase their awareness and consiciousness . To help their communties is nessary and important . Young people will spend a lot of time to helping people who is ineed . they thinks is valuableto do this . So , I do n't believed that young people do n't give enough time to helping their communitied . All of these reasons have deeply influenced my point of view on thia issue . That is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit . However , I believed that the reasons I have provided in favor of my point of view are stronger .
(GER,medium) I think it is not easy to answer because you have to respect several aspects . On the one hand I think this statement is correct , because today there are some people who think only on theirselves . They think that they are the most important person and if somebody needs help they say : ask somebody else . This is a very hard opinion and I think ( and I hope ) that this is only a minority of our population . On the other hand I think that especially some old people have a wrong opinion . They often speak about an unfriendly and unpolite youth , but I think this is not a correct opinion . I think that this is caused by those people I have talked about in the first paragraph . I can tell about my friends and me . We are a group of five people and we work in a home for old people . There , we do lots of things to help these people to have a nice day . We stay there two times in month and the old people are very happy to see us every time . Another example is my big sister . She is cooking in my old school for lots of pupils with some other parents , because the village has not enough money to pay for a good food . So many parents decided to do this job on their own to give the pupils a good meal . I think this is a good help in the comunities . What is important to say too , is that there are many pupils who helps other pupils with their homework and learn with them for tests or other things like that . This is also a kind of help for others . At least I can say that I think that the majority of our population is doing lots of things for their communities . Of course it can always be more , but if everybody helps a little bit , I think it is a good start for the future .
(KOR,low) There are two types of people whether use of car decrease or not . Some people maintain that using car will reduce because vaious technology will develop . Other poeple belive that using car will be retained . I agree with this view because car technology will be improved and because it is very short to replace with another transportation system . First of all , during twenty years , this tine brings enhanced car technology . Now , car is evolving quickly to give us conveinice . after twenty years , poeple make car smater than now . Through this , since human feel more convenient gradually , use of car will not reduce . A recent survey show that people want to buy smart car and they wat to travel this car . Also smart car of TOYOTA enable us to find road and to utilize various functions . Moreover , by improving car technology , price will fall to reasonable price because car company expand their amount of porductions . Therefore , using the car would not decrease . Moreover , the twenty years is very short to appear anoter trasportation system . it takes a lot of time to show new technology . Futhermore , although new technology appear , it is hard for poeple to use immidiately . Some professor sya that maybe twenty years
(SPA,high) I must say I agree with the statement . There are some advantages I could point out for trying new things and taking risks , which are : - People who try new things differentiate themselves from the rest and get recognition for that from their peers and eventually from opinion leaders or other people that might help them with their purposes . - Taking risks is the same than doing things not on the easy way . Because of that , it should become both a rewarding and educational experience . It may help overcome fears , it can help to learn more about ourselves and our limits and it should leave the door open for not being afraid of trying new things in the future . - It makes you discover your strenghts and weaknesses and how far you can push yourself into different situations , as opposed to keep doing the activity that you know you perform well which will not let you discover hidden talents that you may have . Everytime I watch the news or read the newspaper and see a business success story , I tend to think that that 's something I could have done . Then I realize that it all has to do with the guts people have to start doing something before the rest . Taking risks is a key to success . Altough I have summarized some possitive appreciations of taking risks there are considerations that should be taken into account before trying new things : Doing something new or different may cause a negative effect or even rejection from the rest of the people . Therefore , if you are thinking of doing something nobody else has ever done before , you need to think first of how society will react to that new thing and if it can affect or hurt anybody in anyway . Taking risks may drive someone into frustration if what he/she had in mind was not successful . Not all your goals will be achieved by taking risks , there needs to be more than goodwill put into a project such as study , research , commitment and effort . I think the combination of hard work , commitment and taking risks leads to succesfull people . Knowing yourself , your strenghts and what you already know you can do well helps , but you need to give a step further to succeed .
(GER,medium) What makes a successfull person succesfull ? It is the way of how they handle things different or more inventive compared to what I call the `` normal people '' surrounding them . Therefore , I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . In the following , I will present to main arguments to support this opinion and in the end conclude with a generell statement . My first argument to support my opinion implies a switching in the logic of the statement : Trying new things and taking risks leads more likely to success than sticking to the ordinary way . In work life , for example , people that climb up the career leadder are always those who bring about new ideas . At first , they question the established process , then they think about newer methods in a greater horizon . After that they wage the costs and benefits . Even if the new idea outlines obvious risks , for example a high rent for a store in some not so popular area , they take the risk and start the changing process . Why ? Because `` risk taking '' is mostly regarded as short term statement . However , a successfull person , weightens his or hers decision making argument in a long term perspective and therefore , the risks arent as high as as first glance . The store area , for example , will in this case probably develop into a hip shopping area . The second reason why successfull people try new things is simply , because the have more money to spend on new things or risky activities , such as fun sports or gambling . Thus , poorer or `` normal people can not afford trying to many things that get along with consum . Of course , there might be exceptions from the stated theory , but in generell I thing that there is a logic and even a circular pattern that supports the thesis this essay is abot .
(HIN,high) Does young people enjoy life more than the older people do ? The answer to this question , in my opinion , is `` NO '' . The following three reasons supports my opinion . Everyone in this world enjoys life the way he wants to depending on the available resources . The young people are working full-time and have much more money in hand as compared to that of older people , who are living on old age pensions or working part-time for the little amount of money . Moreover , as they are old they usually do not have good health and lots of their money is spent in hospital and medicine bills . Therefore , old people have less enjoyment resources as compared to the young people . We could find almost all younger people going to resturaunts , clubs and on holidays frequently and think that they are enjoying life . On the other hand , older people might have also done the same when they were young and might not want to do same at this stage of life . They might want to travel to a peaceful place like temple or church and spend some time there in peace , which they think they enjoys the most . The second and most important point is the physical strength . The older people have very less physical strength as compared to the energetic younger population . Therefore , the older people want to stay at home and enjoy life with their family , which does not mean that they are not enjoying life but their means of enjoyment is different from that of the younger generation . The younger generation actuall shows to their peers and others that this is the stage in their life and they should enjoy the most now and tend to show their peers that they are enjoying much more than them and we usually get the perception that young people are enjoying more than the older people . For example if a twenty year old guy goes to the best and most expensive disco in town , he will be telling this to all of his friends to show his superiorness to his friends . Therefore the difference is not who enjoys the life more , young or old people , but the difference is how both young and old people enjoy life . Their preferences and means of enjoyment are different but both enjoy life equally .
(ARA,medium) Advertisements Today advertisements used as a cmplemantery of any product . So people use advertisements to make the product much more than the reallity . The main reason behind that is to atttact consumers and push them to buy these products and make as much money as possible . The baisc objective for advertisements is to explain for the customers how is the product and what are the benifits that customer would gain by obtaining this product . But unfortunitly today this concept is used unethically . Because most of the advertismets shows the product in a way that is perfect and has endless benifits and in reallity non of these benifits can be found in this product . For instance onec I saw an advertisment regarding a device that promotes the wireless conections so you can enjoy the interent access widely . However I found that there is now promotion for the wirless connection and as of I did not add any enhancement to the internet access . So by doing this advertisers are misusing the advertising and make poeple to buy things that they do not need and this is unethical . There are many advertisments that adds lots of features to the product while in reallity these featres are not avaliablel in the product . for exmple there are many computer systems advertised on the Internet and TVs that saves the computer from viruses and spys and in reallity they do not save the computers from the viruses nor protect the computer from the spy ware . In fact by these fake advertisments shopes and producers will be affected in the long run . Since they would lose thier reputation . Because when the customers find the conteradiction between the advertisments and the products they bought the would never buy these products again . For example I will not buy the wireless device again . So , people should be careful while advertising they should show thw customers the trouth about thier product and explain the real benifts that the customers wouold gain from this product . By this way customer rights are saved and shops and producerd would gain the trust of thier consumers .
(KOR,low) Today , the method of teaching is mainly discussing in all around world . I think understanding ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts because of two reasons ; effectiveness to another proplem , and make a considerated person . First , if we understand ideas that on the book , or the profeesor explained we can easily get a solution from similar situations or problems . For example , we have learned ` 1 + 1 = 2 ' . we know not only this answers but also its sequence to solve . Unless we underatand the method . ` 1 + 1 = 2 ' is just fact . not mine . Secondly , we can be more considerating person . By accessing solutions , we could face various kinds of obstacle . Then , we take a time to review about waht was wrong and are there any otherway to solve the problem In conclusion , there is a saying that `` teach him ` how to get fish ' , do n't teach him ` how to eat fish ''' . This shows what I exactly mean . Ignore all of the sequence is caused unhumanty soceity and unconsiderating society . Therefore I think to understand ideas and concepts are more important than to learn facts .
(GER,high) Today , we are facing serious environmental threats resulting from the excessive use of cars . Passing a gas station demonstrates us daily that gas prices are increasing tremendously . Also on a day-to-day basis , the media tells us about political conflicts mostly resulting from oil issues in the Middle East . Thus , it may lead us to the question if the invention of the car was a good idea . Moreover , it is intersting to think about the question if there will be as many cars as today in twenty years from now . I do not think so for the reasons I would like to give in this essay . First , oil resources are deminishing very rapidly and statistics show that we will eventually run out of oil and gas . This , of course , depends on the pace we are using our oil . But it seems very obvious that the vast oil reserves will be totally gone in twenty years if we use oil as we us it today . Thus , as there will be no fuel in the future there will certainly be fewer cars as well . Second , the car as we use to know it now is probably going to dissappear . Technology develops at a such quick pace that there will be new facilities which will transport us and our goods in the future . Twohundred years ago , people thought that the train is going to be the new vehicle of the future . However , as the car was invented , trains were not the only transportation means anymore , thus resulting in a decrease of trains being used . In the same way , it might be happen with the automobile . Even today , cars are not used that often anymore when cheap airplane tickets become more and more available . Lastly , I believe that the need to get from one point to the other will be not as high as it is today . In twenty years , computer technologies will have advanced in such a tremendous way that almost everything will be possible to do from home . This trend can already be seen today , as many companies are offering jobs that can be done from home using the Internet . Thus , people will not leave their house in the future as they do now and can leave their car , if the vehicle is still named as such , in their garage . In conclusion , I feel that it is obvious from the arguments given above that there will be tremendously less cars in the future . Moreover , it is impossible to say if such a vehicle will still exist in twenty years from now .
(ARA,high) Knowlegde in our modern days is underrated . In fact , people do no not appreciate the fact that education has developed in order to provide students with several subjects to accompany the throughout their journey . How is it possible for someone to turn down the chance of taking many academic subjects and just pick one ? In my opinion , I think that it is definitely better to have broad knowledge of several academic subjects that to just pick one . When students are offered the choice of picking several academic subjects , they should that oppurtunity by hand . Graduating in multiple subjects certainly makes a person more intellectual in society . If someone can only speak of one subject in society then he would be considered as a poorly intellectual person . Specializing in different and many academic subjects surely increases your knowledge of your surroundings and opens the doors to different horizons . It really is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects since it enlightens a person and gives him a general idea of many topics to talk about . It is considered as a step to a more developed world where people are more open to important subjects . As an example of my argument , I would like to talk about my own experience in this subject . As a kid , my parents enrolled me in a tri-lingual school that offers english , french and arabic as primary languages . During the first years of my education , I thought that that was a stupid mistake . Growing up , I realized that I had lots of oppurtunities ahead . I had the ability of speaking three different languages which could definitely broaden my horizons . This is just a simple example of how specializing in many subjects can let you work your way up !! Finally , a broader knowlege of many subjects takes nothing but a little hard work and effort . Not only does it provide general information of many topics but it also gives an outstanding chance to have a successful life . One specified subject can never be enough in a world that provides so much for us .
(HIN,high) I think both having broad knowledge of many academic subjects and at the same time specialization in one specific subject is required now a days to excel in this world and to be ahead of others . For example if a person is suffering from heart attack then what would we do probably , we will take him to heart surgeon inspite of a general physcians , because if we take him there then he will need a lot of time to examine and to know whats the problem is and by that time the patient will die . Let me take another example , now days as we can see that the corporate sector is growing so fast that they need people who have specialized skill like for an instance a company require a person who is skilled in C , C++ then company will not ask for people who are graduate in computer science only but will see the people who has the best skill and experience in that feild in these way specialization is required in almost every feild in this world . On the other hand having broad knowledge of many subjects is also necessary for every human being . Since we can see that now days most of the student only like computer related subject and they know that they want to make carreer in that feild , and because of that they do not concentrate on other subject for example Histroy , Mathematics etc . Let me explain the draw back of not learning histroy . They dont know any thing about there countrys histroy in this way they are getting away from the cultural and tradiational values of the country and they should be made to learn about the tradition , cultural value , histroy of the country as it very important for all the citizen of a country to know about there countrys histroy . When it comes to maths almost every second student hate it but if they dont learn that , Then they will be in serious trouble in there life . Mathematics is required in almost every part of day to day life , If you buy something you should know about basic calculation of adding , multiplying etc . If you dont know that then you are gone any one can fool you . Finally to conclude both specialized and broad knowledge people are required to make these world a better place to live .
(JPN,medium) I agree with having broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . I think that all people need to basic skill and knowledge . If I did not know launguage , I did not study at all . When I got the job that is very supecific jpb , if I did not broad knowledge , I would not work at all . For instance , Mr Takenaka who was japanese prime minister , is specilized in economics . He decided a lot of effective economics bill . But Mr Takenaka did not know other progrems well . He made some happening in sumit because he is locking knowledge of international rule . And he made bad effect wellfere bill because of his locking knowledge . So , Mr takenaka 's example say that good economist who specilize someone did not always good prime mminister . Thus we should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than spcialize in one specific subject . If you want to change your job , you can easy to change because you have broad knouledge of many academic subjects . But I did not disagree with having knowledge specialize in one specific subject . If I have specidic skill and knouledge , I can be charastaristic . And I can easy to get my job . So I suggested that pepole , who want to study , should study about broad knowledge of many academic subjects as people find supecific subject that they want get knowledge . In my experience , I was high school student . I would like to became a doctor . But I did not study specalize in sicology . I studeied many subjects , and I reconsider what I want to become . As day go by , I would like to become a international accountant . So I can change my future easily , because I had broad knowledge of many academic subjects . And now I major in economics in university . So I think that it is important to get broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
(TUR,medium) As a young Turkish man , i am disagree with the statement . In my opinion older people enjoy life more than young people do . The reasons why i think are older people have more experience than young people , they do not have to struggle with life and they can be happy with their children . Firstly , older people have a big advantage to be happy , they have lived different things before than young . For exmaple , they know a birth 's happiness or a death 's sadness , thus they have to change to be happy more than young people . I think there is a lot of events which can be hurted for me , but they can not hurt an older one . Secondly , older ones have not got a struggle in life as big as youths . I for instnace ; need to more work than my parents because they got their side at life before me and their tasks are reducing . For these reason older people live in more comfort than young people . In my opinion older people 's comfort is the best happiness at the world . Finally , older people have their children but young ones not . Although young people have responsibility , they can not know the responsibility and happiness to having their own children . Children may be most important thing to happiness for a person . For this reason young people should not be sure about their real happiness before they have not got a child . To my mind i will be really happy when i see my own child . To conclude , although young ones have lots of advantage to be happy , in my opinion matures have real happiness , and have more thing to satisfy . I think vast majority of people think as me in Turkey .
(FRE,high) Advertisements are everywhere . They can randomly get to you in a supermarket , in the streety , at your workplace or even in your car and in your home . Posters , television , radio , newspapers , and even the internet - all the mass media - are concerned , as most of them rely on advertisement to survive . There are so many ocasions to come across advertisements that it is even easy to let oneself be convinced and seduced by one of them . Has n't it happened to all of us ? But what about the products themselves ? Have you never ever been disappointed or felt betrayed by advertisements ? Over the last decade , advertisements professionals have developed an increasing number of sophisticated communication strategies to make the consumers buy their products . Advertisements make us laugh , they make us cry , and brands mark our mind and influence our judgment . Were we to listen to advertisers , all products would be of the best quality . It is true that consumers can sometimes be tricked into believing that a product is better than it really is , but the advertisement executives cannot really be blamed for it . Consumers play the game . Brands are signals to them , which they use to shop quicker and to which they are often faithful by principle . Consumers altogether also form a consumer society . These consumer society spread information and often condemn misleading advertisements and products , which quality is not what they expected . In short , consumers are an active alive community , which members communicate with each other . During the American presidential campaign of 2004 , the Heinz company - somehow directly linked to Democrat presidential candidate John Kerry - tried to take advantage of the campaign by making its tomato sauce a political symbol . Buying Heinz tomato sauce became a sign of partisanship .
(HIN,high) Man 's pursuit of technology has brought him in today 's world where everything designed and made by him gives an affirmation to the dreams he had sought for , the dream to live happily and comfortably . In the light of that dream , and various cogent reasons , I disapprove of the statement mentioned in the topic . We are certainly going to have more cars in use in twenty years from now , as we have now . The question put up in the topic may be valid on two counts . Firstly , becasue of the depletion of oil in earth 's reserves , fuel 's shortage could be a driving force of reduction in number of cars . Secondly , the alarming rate at which the pollution is increasing may amount to a strict ban on the cars that emit harmful gases . But both these reasons fail to assess the parameters completely they seek to build their case on . The argument against these points is alternatives . Neo-Malthusian economists beleived that increased use of natural resources will tend to increase their costs with time . However , the famous Simon-Elrich wager in 1980 toppled that theory . While Elrich said that prices of five natural resources ( which they selected ) is bound to decrease in ten years , Simon placed a bet that it would reduce . The prices actually suffered a decline ! The simple reason is alternatives . As society 's needs grow and resources fall short , various alternatives come up and keep the momentum alive . In the similar vein , we can expect the cars running on alternative fuels rather than petroleum . Billions of dollars , today , are spent on research on alternative sources of energy . We even have countless cities where use of CNG ( compressed natural gas ) has replaced petrol as the fuel . The advancements in technology are sure to pave way for the solar cars in future . All this will experience a rise in the number of cars . The same alternative fuels act as harmless substances to the atmpsphere , and amount to a reduction in the pollution . It is imperative to mention here , that apportioned study of the air sample has suggested that most of the cities , the air pollution is caused more by the factories than by automobiles . With the Kyoto Protocol in place , the countries have now decided and taken firm steps to curb pollution , not necessarily by removing vehicles plying on the roads , but by ensuring that they conform to the Euro III , Euro IV standards , and also checking the constituents of exhausts from factories . With possibilities of more ore countries joining the Protocol , cars remain invulnerable . The past also corroborates the fact that cars will increase . The question of reduction in their number is not new , and even earlier , skeptics shared this viewpoint . But data suggests that countries , especially after the globalisation and liberalisation , have suffered a dramatic rise in the number of cars in past few years , and researchers have predicted that because the purchasing power abilities of people in most countries is steadily increasing , production of cars is not going to cease . The space is also not a problem . With the advent of newer mechanisms of building high rise buildings with parkings at the basements and also the construction of various flyovers on top of the other , assures that man is ever thinking and persevering individual , who works hard and keeps his inventions alive . The rise in the love for automobiles , whether in the form of Formula 1 racing or automobile engineering , constantly over the years , is going to ensure that new cars with newer designs and comfort levels continue plying in the streets . When we live in the information superhighway , transportation remains crucial point of improvisation . In this view , if we need to pace ourselves with the fast moving world , we need to save time and act modern . Giving arguments against the technological developments that eare impending is belittling our own selves . We must look at the bright side of the picture . The cars today , have impregnated into the very social fabric of people , and it has become inalienable part of their lives . Separation of cars from humanity is very difficult , given the fact that it has become a necessity rather than just an accessory . Coming time will witness a surge in the number of cars , whose concept , design and power will outweigh the ones that we have today .
(TUR,medium) Advertisements are the most important and most effective tolls in order to present a new product and to make that product to be desired by customers . I absolutely agree that most advertisements make products seem much better that they are . It is not certain that when first advertisement emerged and and how it was . But , it is a fact that , advertising affected the life of people not only the producers but also the customers . Today beyond the developing technology , teh producers can present their products to whole world . This is done by satellite televisions , news papers , or internet . As the producers konw that their products can be followed by all of the peole in teh world , they try to pull attention of those peoples with different and strange types of advertisements . For instance , one of the worldwide known trade marks use football players who are very famous all over the world . By this way , the owner like to give a message to the people such that : `` Do you see , most famous sport men use my product , so why you do not ? '' . Even though that product is not very good really , the people - due to that advertisement - believe that product is the best . An assumption may make the idea more clear . Assuming that there is a new kind of drink and no one knowns anything about it , the producer absolutely knows that the drink is not as good as other existing drinks in the market . But s/he designs a very effective and impressive advertisement . What will be the possible affect of this advertisement ? When the people ( potential customers ) see that advertisement , they will think that the drink must be very good and delicious . So they will be forced unconciously to buy that drink and - at least - try it . This tendency to buy that product is totally due to the effect of the advertisement . All in all , advertising is a very wide area in the world due to all of the people can know about the product very easily . Not all but some advertisements are designed in order to make people pay attention to the product , because the people who present the advertisement know that pulling attention of the customers is the first step of forcing them to buy the products . Therefore , most of the advertisements , today , are just tools to show products much more better than they really are .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . It is the stage i think , is more comfortable to enjoy our living . I feel so because it is practically noticed that young one 's have lot of zeal in them which makes them more active . The young people work hard for heir future and at times never let their enjoyment go down . For example consider a student who plans to pass in distinction in the annual examination . For achiving this the student works hard the whole year , apart from this the student doe n't miss any other activities that involve enjoyment . Young stage is the only stage where we can do anything as we can , no matter wheather it is right or wrong . It is the period where things which cant be done when we become older can be done without any hesitation . They do what ever they want to do so that they can enjoy up to the maximum . For example they can dance , swim , play with the friends , roam here and there , can eat all the stuff which they want to , go for racing , can go for a challenge , involve themselves in entertaining programs etc . On the other part they can enjoy doing what ever their interest is in . Like in research field , software , where they can makeup their mind set accordingly . Last but not the least i deal with the facts that everyone knows that the young stage is the most preferable stage where everyone finds it interesting when compared to other stages in our life . Lastly i conclude saying that the young people enjoy life more than older do .
(ARA,medium) Some people believes that in twenty years there will be a limit in the use of private transportation will be limited . I agree with this openion . There are some reasons that suport this point of view . First of all , there is an increasment in growing rate of human new generations . this would propbably let the govronment of the societies to limit the ability for people to use their own personal cars in the future . This one of the decession which might be taken by the society in the future as a solution to the predicted setuation of the future living . We all know that these cars consums energy to work . for today 's situation , the cars are using gas as a main sourse of energy to work , so the using of this kind of transportation is controled by the avaliable amount of this energy sourse . If the word is going to face the limitation of this sourses of energy , there will be some new decesions to control the consuming of gas on the trasportation . Limiting the use of this kind of private transportation can help alot in mentaining a good balance in the usage of such energy sourses . The population will be asked to use the public transportaion such as buses and traind . Another benefit of this decesion will help alot in reducing the traffic problems and the crowded streets . In some huge cities , the work places are spreaded every where . Second thing there are mostly sopping malls and supermarkets every where . If the future cities will be like that there will be no longer need for personal transportation because the places are nearby and the using of cars and personal cars will be worthless smld
(TEL,high) The author suggests the young people enjoy life more than older poeple . I neither agree nor disagree with the statement . I believe it purely depends on the mind-set and the personality of the individual himself than it does on his age when it comes to enjoying life . A pessimist in his prime would surely not enjoy life as much as an optimist who is in his old age . Generally considering , a young person is not burdened with responsibilities and thus has a carefree life compared to the one led by older ones . Thus , he would enjoy his life more than does a older one . Also , enjoyment is an abstract word . One may find enjoyment in partying , hanging out with friends doing all sorts of carefree stuff while others may find enjoyment in their work . Thus , it is hard to say a person is fully happy when he is in a community gathering enjoying himself . Also . it would be incorrect to say that a person is not enjoying when he is seriously involved in work . It just depends on what one thinks is enjoyment . As it is , young age is the most enjoyable part of one 's life as a man is healthy without any ailments or diseases . Thus , even in medical terms , he is well equipped in young age and thus , can enjoy life more . When one grows older , one may find fulfiling his responsibilities to be a happiness . Thus , he will be happy and may be more happy than a young person as he has no more responsibilities to fulfil . Some people enjoy challenges . Thus , when such a person encounters challenges and finds all possible ways to win the situation and starts applying these to his problem , he may find his life more joyful and more enjoyable . I will conclude this essay by reiterating my stand that , enjoyment of life depends on the perspective of the individual than it does on his age .
(JPN,high) I do not agree with the statement that says that fewer cars will be used in the future , twenty years later . I would like to exlain three reasons why I think that there will be still cars , using for many purposes , as the same as those of todays . As the first reason , I would like to point out the advent of new technology . It has been criticized that using cars are not good for environment due to their emission of gas . Their gas destroy the ozon layer , thus people argue that these gas should be reduced . As the solusion , for instance , many countries sing up in the international agreement , Kyoto Convention , to reduce the emmision of CO2 . For one of the efforts , some companies try to invent new type of gas , which is less harmuful for environment . If the new type of gas will be used in future cars , their detrimental effects on environment will be reduced . Thus , people 's concerns about car 's effects on environment could be reduced . In that case , cars could be used more in the future . For the second reason , I would like to refer to the aging society . Within several years , Japan and some EC countries will face to the serious problems according to the increase of aging population . For elders , paticuraly living alone , it is difficult to go out by theirselves . They sometimes need the support by others . However , the use of cars for elders may support their independent lives . For instance , my grandfather often uses a car to go shopping . By using a car , he need not to bring heavy bags when he buys many things in the supermarket . Although he lives alone now , he can go out by himself by using a car . Therefore , for elders in the aging society , the use of cars enable their lives more convinient with less support by others . In counclusion , according to these three reasons , I think that there will be more cars after twenty years . If the harmuful effects of cars on environment could be reduced , I think that we need not hesitate to use such efficient instruments for improving our life more and more . The balance between nature and technology can be taken accrding to the advent of new gas . Moreover , in the aging society , elders could be more active and independent to use cars .
(ARA,low) Breif news `` An adult man have been lost since 14 days '' BBB cahnnel How people enjoy their trip in vacation ? . I believe that any tour must have guider to manage the members , his/her knowledge about the locations and proper time to be in different spots . The tour guider considers as boss of that trip . However , s/he can a sign a duties for each member of that trip in order to make successful . For example , I remember my friends and I , went in several trips . One day , the chose me as tour guider due to my awarness of the place that we intended to visit . I gave an assignments for different people in the trip like , who is going to be the driver for each car , where to go and where to stop . At that time we did enjoy our travel with out any obsticls . A freind of mine told me a story , that they planned for camping in the deseret , they were group of ten guys , unfortunatelly , about two of his freinds did not follow the group of guider , who has navigator , and got lost . The group were expecting them that they will go back home , but the truth that they died after three days of struggling to find their direction in that vacant place that have only soil and sun . Although , the tour guider sometime could be a dogmatic person , but i beleive it is the most convenient to make the travel successful . Finally , I beleive any trips must be guid by one person
(CHI,high) No matter where you go , you 'll always be confronted with huge commercial signs . Even your favorate television programmes are filled with subtle advertising tricks . The huge amount of commercials and the way in which the products are presented has often made me wonder if the products are truely as amazing as they look . And I often come to the conclusion that most products truely are too good to be true . The advertisements make them better than they really are . First of all , you must keep in mind that the advertisement serve for one purpose and one purpose only and that is selling the product , no matter what . In order to do so , advertisers tend to exaggerate and brag . By telling amazing stories about the products , they try to sell them . Of course , nobody wants to buy ordinary products that have no use anyway . Besides , there are a lot of products of the same kind in the markets . So there need to be distinction between them . People want to know which one is the best , because everyone wants only the best of the best . And a lot of advertisements do make a product extraordinary . Take the commercials for make-up for example . People often tend to buy overprized make-up rather than the cheap ones . That 's because they see and hear celebrities talk about those ` amazing ' cosmetic products . I 'm sure you 've seen Andie Mcdowell starring in the L'Oreal commercials promoting facial cream : `` This will definitely make your rincles dissappear . You 'll see instant results ! This is the best ! '' It perhaps really is n't the best facial cream , or even different from the other creams , but the celebrity makes it special . Finally , modern technology plays a big roll in the scheme . the use of photoshop has made people and products look better and prettier than they really are . It 's very easy to manipulate pictures . And the advertisers know that . It 's so commonly used nowadays , that you will hardly find any ` natural ' pictures anymore . It 's always fun to watch the commercials , though . Seeing how the companies have outdone themselves again and again . They always find new ways of entertaining the audience , trying to get your attention . Having singing children and perfect families playing in the commercials . They 're fun to watch , but they 're definitely not representative for th So all with all , be very cautious when buying products . Do n't buy everything the commercials tell you to buy , as these products are often too good ot be true ! Remember that these adds are often misleading and exaggerated . The advertisers want you to buy their products and will do anything to get them sold . Using modern technology and paying celebrity , they manipulate the public opinion . Enjoy the commecials , but do n't let them fool you .
(TEL,high) I agree with the statement but only partially . Education is termed as the path to overall development of a person and since childhood people are trained in a variety of topics and after a certain age when they can decide for thmselves the person can chose a topic or subject of his liking and specialize in it At the basic childhood level the school circulum include all the knowledge rquired for the child to view the world in the normal sense . Subjects such as social and natural Sciences tell the everyday movements of the earth its location and how and why of many aspects of nature which interest the child at that age . At high school level the subjects are dealt in detail and a fewer subjects are dealt at that stage so that the in depth knowledge of a few selective subjects is stressed . This leads to the development of a personality and the young adult now can have a subject of his liking at undergraduate level . The subjects learnt so far will also assist the person his or her chosen field of specilisation FOR EXAMPLE the use of concept of physics like gravity and momements of earth and other objects in space in the field of rocket science and design engineering . At undergrauate level of education the person gets to decide about a specific subject and specilize it at his graduate and doctrate level of education if he choses to do so . FOR EXAMPLE , consider the case of engineering at undergraduate level an electronics engineer can convert into a computer and electronics engineer at his graduate level using his computer knowledge on his electronic basics . In conclusion , i have to say that although specific knowledge of an academic subject is important the need for knowledge on a variety of subjects is all the more important to attain an over all developed personality for a person . Particularly in this day and age when a knowledge of variety of topics is needed to survive in this technologically submerged world .
(CHI,high) The number of cars people own is always cited in papers or articles when judging a nations economic and transportation development . From some scholars and economists ' perspective , the more a society possesses , the better-off its citizens are . This is why some people predicts that there will be much more cars in use in twenty years than there are today because the global economy is booming prosperously . However , as far as I am concerned , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . The reasons are as follows : For the first thing , as people are concentrating on economic development in differnt societies , almost everyone in the world are paying more and more attention to protecting the environment . Cars , which consume fuels and give off a lot of waste air , are then objected by a large number of environmentalists . The development in China is a typical example . Twenty years ago , heavy industries and factories mushroomed with no regard of what harm they might do to the environment . After experienced a serie of frustrations of the polluted water , contaminated ground and deforested plants , today Chinese people have come to know how to combine economic development and environment protection . As a result , people are encouraged to use cars as little as possible . For the second thing , fuel in the whole world is in short . It is reported just two days ago in CCTV news that the price of fuel in Chinese market has risen again because of the lack of fuel all around the world . As the natural resources are so limited , we have to consider what we can leave to our offsrings if we keep consuming them at such a high degree . So , if we limited the number of cars in use , we can make significant contribution to reserving the natural resources . Admittedly , to limited the number of cars in use may cause some inconvenience to some people . For example , those who working far from home everyday may feel worried . In order to solve this problem , I recommend that the government take measure to develop transport vehicles that do not consume fuel and thus do no harm to the environment such as undergrounds . For other peoples who do n't have to go very far to work everyday , they can go by bicycle . In conclusion , as the natural resources are limted and as the environment needs to be procted by everyone , we should use cars less . Then in twenty years there will be fewer cars in used than there are today .
(ITA,medium) I disagree with thoose who think that in twenty year there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , because it is a cheap way to travel , car is very comfortable and with the car you can reach almost of all places in the world . First of all i think that travlel with car is cheaper than other way of travel like planes , trains or boats . The reason is that if you want to travel with your car you have to spend money only for the oil and for the highway . Consequently the money that you will spend is lesser than the money that you will spend for a ticket for a boat or a plane or a train in this way for example you can save some money for the journey or for other things . Second , in my opinion , travel with your car is more comfortable that travel with other travels way , because modern cars have all optionals like satellite navigator , that is a modern device that allow you to not lost yourself in cities or country that you do n't know , comfortable seat , computer on board and many others . Furthermore car is comfortable because you can leave home and arrive to the place decided whenever you want . Consequently you do n't have to wait in a station because of train or plane delays , for which you will arrive late for example to a date . Third , i think , that with the car you can reach all locations around the world and you will have the liberty to choose to way that you prefer to reach it without any limitation . In conclusion i think that for the reasons that car is a cheap transport way that is comfortable and useful to reach almost of all places in world , the car will not be fewer in twenty years than today .
(ITA,medium) Modern age has a powerfull impact on a person 's life . Tv and newspapers are the main sources of knowledge . The knowledge that is created by media hides a secret way of capturing a readers ' attention . The readers ' attention , most of the time , is captured by advertising spots created to sell a product using persuasive strategies . I do agree , most Ad make products seem much better than they really are . Ad sells product with wonderfull statements , but they omit the possible problems during the life of the product by making it look good . Advertising is often used to make certain products look wonderfull and unbreakable . Never do we see a spot on tv that say ; `` If you buy this videogames , your kid will suffer from eye problem '' . In other words the truth about a product is never told . Because of the truth is never told a costumer thinks that the product he or she is going to buy looks like the one they have seen in the ad . Reality is not there . The product will break after it falls on the ground , or it simply gets broken for unknown reasons . The job of Ad is to sell a product although they know that the advertising does not correspond to the reality of facts . They make it look good and sell it .
(FRE,medium) why do we have the appology of youth in our modern societies ? To me it is clearly because life sounds better when you are yuong ! Of course some of you could say what we are eager of in our societies is apperence . People would like to look young for ever ! Indeed getting old is difficult to assume not only moraly but also because your body is changing . That is one reason why people like to be young . But being good looking is not the only explanation why being young makes you more enjoy life . Actually it is secondary in my opinion . What is so joyful with being young is that you have every thing to built . You are in a moment of your life where you can still chose to become anyone . No regrets for the moment , no errors in your background . When i think of my mother 's sister i feel sad for her . She is a person very sour . She tried all her life to become an actrice and never succeeded . Whem you are young you can still be optimistc about your life because anything can hapend to you . When you have nothing you have nothing to lose ! An other advantage with being young is that usually yo have n't got many reponsibility . You have a selfish existance , the only person you have to take care of is your self . Your not in charge of the education of a childe , you do not have to feed a family . Life is less stressful . You do n't have to compromise every day life to make everyone happy in your house . Specially when you hinge up on your parents financially , you have even less worries . I mention this situation because i am luky , that is my sitation . But some young people have to endow their life alone of course . An important point a really appreciate with being young is that socially there are not as much conventions than for adult . Young people are more relax when they get in contact in professional as well as in social life . the proof is more older you get less friends you have . It is the case for my parents . It mus n't be true for everyone but it is a general tendency i have noticed . To sum up being young gives you a feeling of freedom
(JPN,low) I agree the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do . There are two reason for this , physical strength and less responsibility . First , generally youg people have better physical condition than older people . With a time has past , people become to get aged and the pysical conditon become worth . Having strong condition give young people more time . For example , it is possibel for healty young people to get up early in a morning , drive to mountain , enjoy picnic , and have a party after comming back from picnic . Physical strengh give young people possible to use their time tightly . Same 2 days weekend means different for those tough youth and tired old people . Next , young people tend to have less responsibility in family and society compare with older people . Single young people just need to take care of themselves . That means cost for living is not high , so that they can chose their job by thier own idea . If they do not like the job , they can quit a job and look for another . It is easy for young people to live alone . But for old peple , specially have family , it is totally different . They have a responsiblity to take care of their families . If the one who wants to quite a job , it is not easy to decide . They have to finde a job that pay them much enough to take care of their families . In society , more old people have higher position than yong people . Those higher position also give high pressure to old people . They have to take care of not only their families but also their staff in their organizations . Because of those two reasons , I agree the idea that young people enjoy thier life more than old people do .
(ITA,medium) On yesterday newspaper i read about an article that talked about the knowledge in academic subjects . That article contained an interview made to some people of my town ; lots of them believed that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects ; however some people thought that is better to specialize in a specific subject . The first ones said that knowing things from different field gives you more chances to get a job . For example , in a company you would be able to cover various parts and so you would become very important for your boss because he could use you for everything he needs . In addition , in daily life you could be helpful to the others and sometimes you would n't need to call a specialized person to solve a matter because you are able to do it . The last thing , knowing a lot of different thinks makes your brain use to work in different ways . Like i said before , a second group of people is not still convinced about this theory . At the interview time , they said that is better to specialize in a specific subject because this will bring you to know things better than others . For example , you will be more competitive with your job , and you will be more sure to keep your work place because nobody will know the subject like you . Moreover , we can say that some of very important jobs ( like the medical or the engineer ) require you to specialize just in that field to learn your job well , because that ones are so difficult fields . I 've read the article with interest but i have n't changed my idea about this topic . In my life i have always tried to go inside subjects that belonged to different fields ; however i know that somebody would n't be agree with me because thinks that i will never arrive anywhere with this mentality . I still think that it 's better to have knowledge of many academics topics because i believe that this street will bring me to be successful . Behaving like this i 'm sure that i will not have regrets in future .
(FRE,high) About fifty years ago , one the greatest President of the United States pointed out the main problem of modern societies . John F. Kennedy said , do not ask what the country can do for you , ask what you can do for the country . We live in a society that promotes individualism . Individualism can be definied as way of projecting problems only through you own scope and to pay less attention at your environment . I think individualism is more and more developped and people tend to give less time to their community . This subject is the great battle between the Ancient and the Modern . According to the Modern , people are more and more focused on their personal environment , that is to say their family , friends , work environment and themselves . In our modern society , this phenomenon reaches young people even more that parents and grandparents . They used to be raised with a very high sense of values , focused on work and religion . Even if each family , according to its history , need , wealth , had its own priorities , these were the main values . And there was a sense of commun work and commun need . Young people who live in modern societies tend to be more focused on themselves and to be more selfish . In developped countries , they do not fear hunger , thirst , problems of wealth . I think that most of them are self centered . We must believe that this kind of attitude will change and that young people with give more time to help their communities . On the one hand , there is always the role of religions . They can be used to make people understand the importance of giving , sharing and receiving . On the other hand , we can hope that intellectuals and politicians will raise these question in the future . Not only is the idea of helping the community relevant , but it is also more and more important in a time of great incertainty .
(GER,high) First of all , there has to be a definition of `` young '' and `` old '' . A twenty-year old person will consider himself as being `` old '' when he compares his age to that of a newborn . On the other hand , a 70 year-old person will think of the 20 year old person as being `` young '' . I assume that the statement on the left thinks of people in their twenites or thirties as `` young people '' and that seniors at the age of around 60 are referred to as `` old people '' . I believe that it is impossible to make a `` Yes '' or `` No '' decision on that question . Of course , the general idea of `` enjoying life '' is that of having parties , drinking alcohol , making new friends and not having any concerns about the future . All of these activities are much more typical of younger people than of older people . Younger people simply do n't spend too much time thinking about the future , they `` live for the moment '' . In that regard , the statement on the left is right . Once people have grown , they tend to take on more responsibilities and duties in their lifes . Older people have to supply some financial income , maybe not only for themselves , but also for their family . They have to take care of their social life which seems a lot more complicated than in the younger days , and they might also have growing concerns about their health . All of these factors do n't really make it `` fun '' to be older . On the other hand , being old also means being wiser . When you 've reached a certain age , you are able to define the true values of life . And generally , these values are not parties , alcohol or superficial friendships . The true values are much more intimate . They are in things like having one best friend , being rewarded at work or just being loved by your partner or your kids . Having a loving wife for example can be the best `` fun '' you 'll ever have in your life , although people normally would n't call it `` fun '' , but `` fullfillment '' instead . But this detail would lead to another discussion about the definition of `` fun '' . My conclusion is , that - just as life does - the definition of `` enjoying life '' changes during the years of a lifetime .
(ITA,medium) For me is important to say that most of the persons start from the same level . I mean same money and culture . So when somebody is joung he have to decide what to do in his life , so he has to decide . The problem is that almost anybody know what he will do in his future . That 's the reason becouse a lot of people do a lot of different jobs at the beginning hopying to find the right one . The purpose of the man is to find the best way to live , at least for himself . When he finally find the job that he think is good enough for his aims , he will not do anithyng else , he will not find another job to replace it , maybe he will try to improve his job or find a secondary job . That 's why this situation gives him stability and he will feel safety . That 's could be the reason becouse even successful people try new things rather than ordinary people . In fact is very difficult that some business man risks to improve his , already good , situation . But even the ordinary people think the same : they wo n't risk to lose what they have , even if could be just a bit for a big business man . I thing that somebody will not risk anymore when he find the harmony between his requests and his possibilities . Besides very often even if somedody do n't know how to do well one thing , the important is that it 's linked with his aims .
(KOR,medium) In my opinion , understanding ideas and concepts are more important than just learn facts . Just learning facts could bring few problems to students . First , if students just learn about the facts of any topics , they might forget them very easily , some students might not forget , because not every body has same style . However , if they do n't understatnd ideas or concepts , they will forget when they do n't study facts for a while and try to study again . It is why understanding ideas is important , if they understand ideas and concepts , they wo n't forget them easily . Second , it is very hard to learn facts without understanding ideas or concepts . Especially , for young students like elementray to middle school , they need to understand ideas before they learn facts , because most of thing they learn in school for example are the stuffs that they never heard about . Therefore , if they just learn facts and not understanding ideas and concepts , they will get hard time in later like high school or college , even they still remember the facts . Third , they cannot discuss about the thing that they learned , if they only know about the facts , because they would n't know what they should discuss about , for example , students learn about the facts of soda , they ca n't discuss what are the pros of soda and what are the cons of soda . They only know that what is the soda . To get better knolwedge , those are the why they should understand ideas and concepts of the topic they learn . However , I would like to say the facts are very important too to know things , because students could know specificaly about the thing they learn with facts . Therefore , My opinion is understand ideas and concepts are more important and the first thing to get before learn the facts .
(TUR,high) I agree with the idea that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . But it is not so easy to apply this thought to the life that we are in . Because doing something that you know without taking risks has advantages . You may not feel stressed and may feel relaxed when doing the things that you are always doing . As it is easy to estimate the results of your action . On the other hand , it wo n't help you to discover new things , try different ways or widen your vision . You will stay closed to your surrounding but can not find the ability to try different things , as you are not willing to take risks . So you become an ordinary person doing a regular job as usual . That seems so boring to me that I do n't like to be that kind of person . Staying away from ordinary life , trying different things , being open to new discussions , taking risks will definetely change our life . Hard things require difficult steps to take and sharp hills to climb . You must tolerate these steps by taking risks , if you want to be a successful person , different from the others . Risk means loosing or winning . Imagining the positive sides of the risk , that can make revolutions and bring success in our life is the key point for motivation . We can see its best examples in business . For instance ; Bill Gates had taken a big risk by leaving school and tried something new that was not popular at that time . But now he is considered as the leader . That does n't mean that he did n't face any diffuculties since then . But he endured the diffuculties and did everything step by step to the way to great success . In a nutshell , I agree with the topic that nothing can be achieved by sitting or doing the usual things . You must try different , new things and take risks , if your aim is to reach up the peak of success .
(ITA,medium) I do n't agree with this statement because I think that having a deep knowledge in one specific subject is much better . I think this because , even if a broad knowledge of many academic subjects could be important , in my opinion the world of our days require particular skills to the person . If a person had a knowledge of many subjects , he would n't be able to have a deep knowledge of every these subjects , and this could mean that he could n't be able to solve determined problems which require a deep knowledge of a pattern . For example let us think about a manager who knows all the kinds of problems which could happen in an enterprise but who who has n't a graet preparation in order to solve them because during his academic career he did n't specialized in one particular subject . In this case I think that even if this manager has a great preparation due to his enlarged studies , he would n't be able to give his contribute to the company . I also think that a broad knowledge of many academic subjects automatically implies the fact that it ca n't be the result of a deep preparation in all these kinds of subjects . I think that this kind of knowledge could be important to a person own satisfaction but if we assume that every subject could have been studied in deepth , it would have implied a lot of time spent ( ten years or more ) and I think that it wouldn'be of great importance becuse in my opinion the world requires our skills as soonest as we can ! Beside I also think that the world does n't have the will to expect us completing our long studies in all the subjects , but it expects that we will able to provide it a quick solution its problems .
(GER,medium) Are young people not give enough time to help ing their communities ? And was it other in former times ? To answer this question you have to think about a few different points of views . The first point is that they are a lot of young people , which have some kind of `` I do n't care '' opinone . They do not have targets to life for or task to do . As I drive to Berlin per train to do this test a saw a few of them , already beer drinking in the moring . Furthermore , there are a lot of young people which do n't have this kind of `` homefeeling '' in their communities . They would take any change to leave their towns . You should not forget that , perhaps , they have to leave their communities to find a job or have a better future . However , on the other side there are young people every age which spend a lot time by helping their communities . They work in social organisations like the `` red cross '' ( So , do I . ) or the `` Kinderhilfswerk '' . Althought , they spend a lot of time in social project like organisation of a camp for kids without parents or collection money for a homeless shelter . The question also implies that it was better in former times . This is perhaps true but I 'm to young to join this expericens . I think as time change aswell the situation als change . All in all I disagree with `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . '' They are helpful young people , but you have to look for these .
(TEL,medium) YES I AGREE WITH THIS STATMENT . SUCESSFUL PEOPLE ALWAYS TRY TO DO NEW THINGS . SOME OF THE REASONS I CAN GIVE FOR SUPPORTING MY OPENION IS GENERALLY PEOLE WHO ARE SUCCESSIVE TRY FOR THE BETTER RECOGNITION IN THE SOCIETY . THEY WILL NOT THINK THIS IS ENOUGH FOR US . THEY TRY TO CRETE NEW THINGS OR SOLVE THE PROBLEMS THAT ARE MUCH DIFFICULE . IT CAN INCREASE THEIR EARNINGS AND THEY CAN BE WELL RECOGNISED BY THEIR COLLEAGUESAND OTHERS IN THE SOCIETY . SUCESS IS GENERALLY GIVEN AS THEIR RECOGNITION . SUCESSFULPEOPLE WILL HAVE ABILITY TO SAND WITH WNY RISKS THEY FACE IN THEIR JOURNEY OF INVENTING SOMEWHAT NEW WHICH IS USEFUL FOR SOCIETY . SO HERE THER ARE SOMEEXAMPLES FOR SUPPORTING MY STATMENT . MY FRIEND DID A PROJECT ON SPECIAL LIGHT REFLECTION THAT IS USE AS A CURE FOR CANCER . WHEN HE IS DOIN THAT PROJECT HE HAS FACED MANY PROBLEMS BUT HE DID NOT LOOSE HIS CONFIDENCE AND ABILITY . FINALLY HE HAD SUCEEDED IN HIS PROJECT . NOW ALL THE PEOPLE WHO HAS DISCOURAGED HIM WANT TO PAY MORE MONEY FOR BUYING THTT PROJECT . NOW HE DIDNOT STOP HIS RESEACH THERE . HE IS NOW TRYING TO DO PROJECT ON TOUGH ONE SO HIS MAIN AIM IS HE SHOULD BE IN THE TOP OF ALL OTHER SCIENTISTS IN THE WORLD . SO I CAN GIVE ANOTHER EXAMPLE THAT IS ABOUT MYSELF . I DIDNOT DO BIG PROJECTS LIKE MY FRIEND BUT I DID A PROJECT IN MY SOFTWARE FIELD THAT I HAVE CRETED AN WEBSITE THOUGH WHICH PEOLE CAN LOON TO THE WEBSITE AND THEY CAN BOOK TICKETS TO ANY AIRLINES THROUGH MY WEBSITE . SO IT HAS BEEN SUCEEDED AND I HAVE NAMED IT AS SUNAIRLINES . SO FINALLY I CAN CONCLUDE THAT SUCESSFULLPEOPLE CANNOT BE STOPPED BY ANYONE BECAUSE SUCESS IS LEGENDARY .
(CHI,low) No one can deny that the sociaty is developing faster and faster . During the last twenty yeas most of the people were acustomed to the bus and they treated the car as a dream , but now most of the people have their own cars . And it is no longer ardours for us to buy one . As well , there are some defects in cars to agaist people use them when some new machine come out . Firstly , the world is developing in a unblievable rate , the diversification makes more transportation go into our sight . The car is not the barely tool we can use to move from one place to another -- airplanes , trains and some others are in possission of the impotant status . No necessary do we need to Secondly , cars make contributions to the world pollution more and more serious . In the past , since no manifold cars in the streets , no one pay much attention to the air pollutiong and sound pollution , meanwhile , now , this issue can not be neglected any more . From the statistic showed in SINA . COM , majority of the people suggest that the car is condiered the one of the pollution resoures . If we are in want of solve the environment problem , the elementary thing is reducing the cars . I believe that the govornment will do sometiong for it . Last but not the least , in twenty years , many skilled companies are able to create some other machines instead of the car which will use less or unuse the oil and be more efficient . At that time , though they must be very expensive at first , peopel shall have more interest in them . All in all , seemingly , cars have been popular among the world so far , in twenty years , when other kinds of transportation which have are advantages over than them , cars will be decreased rapidly .
(HIN,medium) Life according to me is like a journey and unlike any journey it has phases from juvanile to adolosent to adult and finally the old age i feel each part has its own flavour its own enjoyment . When you are a child one basically learns , trys to know more , understand things . When a adolosent he reconfigures changes and adjusts because he has to cope with a lot of restrictions , social norms and changes inside . Now comes the youth when actually one is fully prepared to do things his own way come out and declare his dreams to the world and start working to achive them . Actually its like when you were a child you , you were a child now you are grown up see for your-self , do for yourself and bare the consequences thus one becomes free and this freedom makes him think what is does he really wants to do what he enjoys to do , waht he can do best . This realisation of indipendence economically and on the intellectual levels makes youth the best part of the journey for all . Also when you are in your 20's you are at the best of your mental and physical ablitys earlier you were weak and later also , thus its the apex of onse energy level and capablity hence one feels high and enjoys this height . You have some more people attached to them of the same age sharing the same vibrant enthusiasm and their for you making things more exciting . So no doubt that youth is the best part . The old age i feel has its own taste its the time when you see the path back , see what ever you have done and smile . The various expriences you had and the enormous difficultys you fought with , your adventures , your notty misdeeds and grand achivements . Also one gets an overall understanding of how this all evolved and proceeded , why htings were so . Thus is a nice repose from the fast and tedious journey you had , you know that the point where your shadow will set you free is near but also realise that a journey is never complete till one reaches the last point of it hence you are still walking slowly , stedly and proud .
(CHI,medium) Life was a box of chocolate , you 'll never know what you are going to get . Yes , I start my essay with this famous sentance . I always consider life is a period of unexpecting experience . No matter we like the situation you 're in or not , we should accept it ; no matter we were young or old , we could not escape any of those experience . My point of view is that we could enjoy it , with a grateful heart , seriously and hopefully . When I was young , I begun to learn dance when I was four . I should practice everyday after class . I not only received numorous awards in dancing competition , but also gain much more joyful compared to my peers . I have a vivid childhood . When I grow up gradually , I still like my life full of colorful experience . I never give up attampt different kinds of things , either for entertainment or for serious academic subjects . My interdicipline research includes economics , journalism and political science , much more broader and deeper than others . I 'm content with my life pattern , I believe I enjoy my life more than the generation older than me , such as my parents . My parents was almost fifty years old now . I was always believing that they were busy working everyday , all of theire concern is earning our family a much better life , competing with others , and so on . But things change when I begun to oberserve them more carefully , I begun to doubte myself , does young people really enjoy life more than older people do ? I found although they are becoming older and older everyday , and they still have their own work to do now , they go to park every evening after dinner , contiuning for twenty years . You could not imagine how beautiful that picture are --- at that very moment when they are walking together , talking and smiling , it is the happiness . Yes , walking together in the park , for several years . It 's quite simple , but i believe for them , it 's the joy of life . As I stated previously , no matter we were young or old , enjoy life with a grateful heart is my own choice . All of us could enjoy life well .
(ARA,medium) People have different opinions about whether they should travel in a group led by a tour guide or not . In my opinion , I strongly support the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because of several reasons . First of all , a tour guide knows where is the most wonderfull palces . People do not want to spend their money and time by going to unexcited palces and they want to see somthing they have never seen in their life . Last year I went to Canada and I did not know about Niagra falls , but when I joined a group has a tour guide he took us their and that was one of the best places I have ever seen in my life because I did not know about that before . Another reason to support the idea for having a tour guide is that usually a guide knows the best way to go to the palces that we need . We could save time insead of using maps or GPS and wasting time and our vacation looking for the directions or asking people in the street how to go home back . My father went to New York and he could not find 5th Ave. and he spent all the day looking for it in the map . Finally , when we have a tour guide usually we will go by the same can or in a big bus so we do not need to spend money to rent a car . I went with my wife and we both were happy because we did not worry about having a car which will cost us alot of money . To sum up , this reasons that I cited are about traveling in a group led by a tour guide when we travel insead of traveling alone . If we talvel in a group has a tour guide we will enjoy the trip and spend most of the time by going to places we did not know about it and in the same time we could save
(ITA,low) This is not a topic for a TOEFL test , but could be a final work of a master degree in law science . But we can try to tell something also about this ... In my opinion we live in a world in wich the pubblicity is too much important , comparated to wich it effectivly keep ... In a year , in our crazy world , the big societies spend much more many for the pubblicity instead than for the safeness of their stabiliments ( and consequently of their workers ) ... much more than for the insurances of their workers ... much more than the development of the society in a contest of `` Social Responsability '' ... It 's horrible ! But it 's our world . There are many conseguences of this scandalous behavior , some of which kills a lot of persons every years , others that fired workers every day , others that make poor person to be more poor ... etc etc etc ... But in this tragedy , we , the person who not have a relative dead in a factory or who do n't have a friend who cannot arrive at the and of the month , we impact only on the face of the problem : the product and the pubblicity ; or better , the contrast between the product what we aspect to find : usually an abyss . I do n't know what to say about this ... It 's normal : propose something to the client and construct something different , is the best way ( and it 's legal !!!!!!!!! ) to reach much much much money in few time . And we know this to be the first aim of a society .
(KOR,medium) I do n't agaree that successful people try new things or take risks . They have already tried to get thier success hard than other people , therefore , they could get successful life or business . Not trying anythings and staying in current situation is absolutely not What I mentioned . We can try and change somethings with relitivites in the successful field . Not too much strange . For example , someone who excells in making pizza . He has a successful career with his own pizza restaurant . He can try new recipes of pizza or side dishes of food . But he does not need to try new field of food such as chinese food , French food . He should keep developing of pizza and relitives food , but not new genre of food . After many times practicing , he might have been a good cook for pizza . There are no reason that he should try different food . When people try new things , it usually have less than 50 % of success . Nobody garentees it . I think that someone who already have a successful life , it is time to develope more sepecific . It does not mean to try somethings new . These days in our societies , we need a lot of experts in our fields . There are many person who can do everything average level . Doing average will never bring success to you . If you want to succeed , you should try to be an expert . As I mentioned , to live successful life , we have to be an expert . We do not need to do well everything . If you are already success in your field , you
(SPA,medium) The statment affirms that in twenty years will be fewer cars that there are today . Agree or do not agree with that statement it is not a matter of mere opinion but a matter of what will be , for the next twenty years , the goals of the governments and their population , and why not the private companies . On one side , It could be possible to agree with the statement if we think that in the next twenty years all the states with big populations will be able to offer other secure and massive means for transport , for example . In that case , and only in that case , it could be possible to begin thinking in fewer cars in twenty years from now . That possibility implies that governments will have at least to strong compromises . One would be with its own population , trying to offer them different a effectives means of tranport for all of them . The second compromise would be with the environment , trying to respect not only the well-known Kyoto Protocol but , of course , trying to avoid any kind of damage to the environment due to a pollution problems But on the other side , we can also view the coin by the other face . Even if the technology can be improved during the next twenty years , it will be very difficult that normal people can reach all the advances . In that case , in the non developed countries and maybe in many developing countries , the cars could keep their own place as the main mean of transport . It is not too difficult to think about the implementation of the changes in the case of Africa , the poorest continent of the world . Even in Europe could not be possible to erase or to decrease the number of cars in the next twenty years . There are many countries with problems in that particular area that have been trying to solve them , such as Italy , Spain and France ... and they failed . In Latin America , and I think also in North America , a car is a symbol of power and of prestige . In that cases I think it could be difficult the change of mind for the next twenty years . To all the things I pointed out I must add the fact that daily all cars companies are producing new models of cars , fasters and luxurious , but not cheapest , to improve and to renew the old models . Tokyo Motorshow ... could be a good example of this . To sum up , I think either possibilities are open for the discussion and even in my case I am not sure about which one could be the best to agree with that . But in my particular way , if I was asking to see my future ... I would like to ha a car .
(HIN,high) Should students pay more attention to understanding concepts and ideas rather than learning facts ? There has been much debate over this topic . I strongly agree with the view that it is important for students to learn and understand ideas and core concepts as compared to learning facts . This is because of several reasons . First , the understanding of ideas and concepts helps in innovation . If students have a good grasp of concepts then they can apply them effectively in different and new areas leading to innovation . On the other hand , factual knowledge is limited and is not extensible . The facts can only be cited out or reused but they cannot be always extended for innovation . Second , the factual knowledge is easier to obtain and there are several sources for it . A student may not even need to go to the best schools or may not need to work with best teachers to gain the fact based knowledge in a better way . A person who might have never attended a school may also know many facts . On the other hand , when students study at best schools then they can gain a lot more by understanding concepts and ideas from the teachers and professors as compared to focusing more on fact based learning . They can engage themselves in research work in order to understand and analyze the different concepts learnt from their course curriculum . Third , facts are stated and it may not be always possible to verify them . Students have a lot of potential to learn and indulge themselves more in digging deep into the ideas in order to verify them . If they focus more on the fact based knowledge then they will not use this potential . Understaning of concepts and ideas makes them to explore more into their field of study and get more benefit out of the study . Lastly , there is more possibility that the fact based knowledge coulb be lost if not refreshed after a period of time and the facts are also subject to change . On the other hand , the understanding of ideas and concepts is more logical in its approach and it is difficult to forget it because students learn them by understanding them through in depth analysis . Although , arguments can be made for both the sides of this statement , I think there are more advantages for the students by understanding ideas and concepts as compared to the learning based on facts .
(CHI,high) Have you ever bought something dfferent from the fly ? How do you feel when this happened to you ? As a matter of fact , I do agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Because of the developement of technology , businessmen like to use technical ways to make their commercials look attractive to customers . Why I agree with the statement is due to the following reasons . First of all , in my opinion , businessmen realize if they want everyone to buy their products , they ought to have a good advertisement because human can be attracted by nice pictures . For example , I like to eat instant noodles and one day there was a new flavor coming up and when I saw the commercial on TV , the noddle looked like very delicious . However , after I bought one pack of that instant noodle , I tried it and I found it did not tast like the one I saw on TV . I was upset about that . Thus , making a good advertisement is a way that businessmen like to use to attract people . Secondly , in term of busin , advertisements are considered as the best ways to sell products . For example , my friend is running a carpet company and before he opened this company , he was asking me for setting up a website for his company . Ultimately , I did a great job on the task that he assigned me . When he saw the website , he told me it was incredible . Moreover , because of this website , he got many customers . However , in hindsight , the pictures that I put on the website look much better than they really are in that I use a very good camera . Therefore , advertisements are the ways that businessmen use to sell products . In conclusion , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because customers are attracted easily by those beautiful pictures . Furthermore , good advertisements are also used by businessmen . In the end I would like to summarize my argument by emphasizing that do not buy those products if you do not trust the advertisements .
(CHI,medium) I agree with the saying that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years . Altough private cars have played an impotany role in people 's life nowadays and people tend to more depend on the use of the cars , I think this situation still will change a lot in the future twenty years . Twenty years is not a very short time , it can mean that one generation have grown up and become the most dorminant people in the society . In many developing countries , the children nowadays have been taught more about the importance of protecting our environment , otherwise mother nature will punish humankind for what they had done . So when these children become adults in like twenty years , they will do better than their parents in the aspect of environmantal protection . What is more , there is already a lot of events in both developing and developed countries that people automobally decrease the use of the private car . For example , I heard a lot of people in western countries nowadays always share their car with their collegues or classmates , or just take the bus instead of driving a car to decrease the waste from the car which will pollute the air in the city . And in China , there is also news about some elementary school students persuade their parents not to use car to send them to school , these parents then receive their suggestions and use bicycle to pick their children . So we can see from these events that people have become more and more concern about their environment , this is why maybe the use of car will drop in the future . Some other factors also can make changes in the use of car . First , the price of oil has become much more higher than before and continue to increase . Maybe many people in the future can not afford such high price and change their way of going outside . Second , there are also a lot of convienient public transportations in the city . Such like subway , bus , railroad . This kind of transportation is not expensive and can attain anywhere you want in the city , and especially the subway can not be influenced by the terrible traffic above them . It can save people a lot of time , and it is quiker than driving a private car . So , the high price of oil and the convinence of taking public transportation can make effort to the decrease of the use of cars in twenty years . In conclusion , there are some reasons why there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . In my opinion , the most important is that people in the whole world can realize how serious that using too many cars can make our blue earth a dirty planet , .
(CHI,high) This is a controvertial topic about whether the number of cars will reduce in twenty years . As far as I am concerned , there will be fewer cars . My reasons are listed as follows . First , we should take a glance at the opposite opinions . Some people will deem that with the rapid economic growth ( especially in China ) , people will continue to buy their own cars because it is a convenience to their lives , they do not need to wait a long time and get into a crowded bus , which is commonly seen in China . However , these people seem to ignore several essential aspects that would lead to the reduce of the numbers of cars . The important reason is that people 's awareness of protecting the environment is gradually increased . We all recognize the fact thatour environment is facing serious problems caused by human pollution , like global warming and water pollution , air pollutions . And the government as well as the increasing number of people are taking effort to protect the environment . They can give up using of plastic bags , so they can also give up buying their own car . The equally important reason is that the oil price skyrockted in the last year and the prices are going to increase in the future . It is just too expensive to afford a car to the majority of people because they have to use a lot of money to support their family , to pay for the education fees of their children , and to pay for the medical services . They will choose to use public transportations due to the higher and higher oil price . Moreover , the government is taking great effort to build public transportations . They use a large number of money on developing more rail road , more buses to every corner of the contry . and also metros have been built to easing the heavy traffic in more and more big cities . Taking into account of all the aspects mentioned above , I am firmly convinced with the opinion that the number of cars will reduce in twenty years .
(SPA,medium) For the past four years I have been the director of a group of misionary adolescents that helps impoverished communities in the Caribbean , and South/Central America . As a part of the program , we developed a cultural dimension to it . We have traveled all over the Americas , the Caribbean and Europe . I have been the planner of the excursions , trips and tourism . In the process , I have learned that the best way to travel is without a tourguide . Usually the tourguides tend to plan and direct an excursion or trip based upon their own interests . Therefore , you 're completely attached to the person 's caprices and circumstances . Tourguides exist as consecuence of the capitalist society and are n't neccesary . They are part of economic processes and do n't consecuently appeal to cultural knowledge and interraction . For example , I once took a tour , led by a person who told us that he has been working for the company for almost twenty years `` [ this meant that he had a vast knowledge on the themes he was exposing ] '' . When I asked him a question I already knew but wanted to confirn my hypothesis about the tour-guides , he exposed an irrelevant answer on the theme , and redirected the consersation . On the other hand , the tour was programed to visit all the shopping malls and and places that seemed to have some kind of economic dimension . The tour itself appealed the personal interests of the persons who organized it . I have organized all the tours I have done in my life . I jhave learned the best way to plan a trip is to do it yoursel .
(TEL,high) Every body knows Jetsons the cartoon where you dont find any cars people travel in jets but then that may not an hypothetical situation in the near future . In twenty years there can be a lot of development that can even be dared to think of . Now if you look back at the start of the century we you have the feeling that we sailed a lot . I take the stand that there will be fewer cars in the next twenty years than now , the replacememt of the cars can take the following course . First , as there is huge surge in number of cars in all the country 's they tend to expand there infrastructure but after reaching the saturation point you just do n't have any land left out to fulfill your residential and infrastrucute needs . Besides , the pollution caused due to the emmision from cars needs to be cut down as we have the impending threat of ozone layer depletion . Thus , we arrive at situation where cars are neccessary evils . Then to nullify the pollution effect we go for cars that are hybrid , eco-friendly , electrically charged , water operated . But we still have the infrastructure problem , so to have effective commutation in busy traffic regions people will go for bikes or bicycles we see that today in China , we also see hybrid models of cars being launched . We also have a situation where mass commutation is becoming popular day by day and is proving to be more effective than having a own car . Second step is when even with the hybrid cars doe n't serve your purpose they do n't help you in getting any faster to your place . So , you naturally tend to look at the other options we have lots of air space . There is a research going on how to effectively use ion combination for transportation this process is less harmful to the environment and is effective to have air borne vehicles . This slowly but surely replaces the cars in the next 20 or odd years . Where naturally first the upper class people gets hold of it then it reaches the common man later . If i 'm not over exaggerating recently Denmark scientists have a break thtough in teletransportation of material for a few meters there might be a day we can use the fruits of this when even the air traffic is also difficult to handle but it 's certainly not in the near future as it is in budding state . Thus , I conclude that cars will be lesser than there are today because of the above mentioned reasons .
(CHI,medium) People often talk about how the successful people to reach their goal toward success . There should be some belives that can help them toward success . I belive that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do it . First of all , try new things make them learn as much as they can , they may use these new skills to improve their work . Take a famous composer for example , Chopin , who is familiar with other great musians ' works , use to write the more criatitive music , he is not just study Bach , Mozart 's trditional great works , but also like to learn from Filder , the Scottish composer who is in the same perio of him . This makes Chopin to write the most beautiful music . The other advantage is people can be open minded , because they receive benifit from try new things , so they want to learn more and more , to help them to be succssful . In conclusion , I belive try new things rather than doing what they already know is the main reason why some people can be successful because it make these people know more than other people , and give them open-minding atitude to make them success .
(TUR,medium) In today s world there are so many good things that people can enjoy . life is so enjoyable that people never should waste even a minute . time is passing so quickly and people hardly catch up it . according to this thought young people enjoy their life more than older people do . they can be happier than elder people because of the fact that young people have less responsibility for the life and have a adventure feature . Firstly young people have less responsibilitiy for the life because they are almost single and young . they do not have to think their babies or families . they do not have a obligation to look after their raletives or parents . they only consider themselves . thanks to not having responsibility they can enjoy and live their lives how they want . but older people have to think their families and take care of them . such of these tasks hinder older people to live their lives properly . they always have to consider their families . Secondly young people have adventure charactaristics because of their young ages . they have an oppurtunity to live enjoyable and adventurable . young people can do so many things because they have a really good healty to implement . even though older people want to live an exciting life they can not manage it on account of their old ages . there can be health problems in front of them . they can not succeed to live the adventure . In conclusion the time is so significant that to do things on time . if the age is getting older people begin to delay everything because of the olderness . young people can live a enjoyable life thanks to their youngness . people should stop the time live for themselves . the most reasonable thing to do is living good and enjoyable times while people are young .
(TEL,high) The topic at hand states that successful people do not sit back doing the same thins they have achieved , but move ahead by doings newer things . this topic is very important because it tells the what real successful man is . I agree that sucessful people try new things . The first reason is that a successful man knows the essence of success . he knows how much hard work is required to be a fruitful person . so this aspect of effort motivates him to steer ahead for reaching new heights . for example if we consider the success achieved by a gold medalist in the olympics , he will not sit back , but he will always try to perform with much hardwork the year that follows . Additionalll , the success that the person has ahcieved gives him immense amount of self confidence which is pretty essential for doing any sort of work . the confidence so established will help him to experiment new things and help him to plunge ahead . consider the same example as a gold medal winner in olympics . the gold medal he achived would give him confidence to try for breaking a world record , one that is established by others or improving on the one that he himself eatablished . so a successful man experiments and waits for the output . Finally , a successful man will have enough amount of patience to take new risks . an unsuccessful man may not have that same passion and patience as that of a successful man. now again consider the olympic gold medalist . if he misses an opportunity of breaking a new world record , he will be surely waiting with ardor for another opportunity . the moment he arrives on that he will try not to miss on that this time . consequentially a successful man will always try newer things and dares to achieve a new success
(HIN,high) Society has always been divided in two groups , one that of more experienced , but sedate older generation and the other that of a more enthusiastic and ripe newer generation . I do not agree with the opinion that the present generation does n't give sufficient time to help their communities . Infact , the youth of today provides a very balanced and fundamental support to its society . Young people have always been the main source of the enthusiasm and interest for the activities carried out by their communities . Infact they are the one who takes initiative and drive others out of their home . For instance , the No War Propoganda , to protests against the war by US on Iraq and Afghanistan were not only dominated but initiated by groups of college and high school students . They were the one who took the responsibility to unite the society to stand and voice its opinions . Young people have more time , space and entusiasm to participate in social programs . Unlike adults who are too engrossed in their mediocre family problems and commitments , younger generation provides a more committed interest and a promise to fulfill its task . Hence , its always the younger generation that ends up in helping out the society . For instance most of the latest discoveries and inventions are made by the young assosciated of scientist and professors . Though its been under the supervision of the scientists its those young shoulders on whose basis the scientists can claim the accolode . They devote them selves to the benefit of human race . Young people have always been the major recruiter in the army . Its the younger people who do understand their resposibility and do join armed forces to the service of their community . Young people provide the innovation needed to do things in a newer and more effective ways . They do provide oppourtunities to others to share , help and protect each other . To illustrate the point , several young boys and girls do participate in welfare , charity , marathons , processions , seminars , public debates , etc. to help society . They provide a feeling of brotherhood , a feeling of togetherness , a sense of unity lacking in a group of adults . In short , its the younger generation of today thats been more responsible and more approaching to a community as compared to its older assosciates .
(FRE,high) I do not think there will be fewer cars than today in twenty years , although I think it would be a positive thing for the environment . There are many ways to discourage people to use their cars , but these ways are not very often put into practice . Some countries , like the scandinavian countries , have been very successful in reducing the use of cars . The methods they used are well-known : tax incentives , available and cheap public transportation , ban on cars in city centers , education and sensibilisation to environmental issues ... By reducing significantly the use of cars , the standard of living is also enhanced : less pollution , less noise , less trafic jams , less stress ... All of these are positive consequences of an environment-friendly policy . Unfortunately , many countries are not following Denmark , Sweden or Norway 's examples . The United-States for instance are the biggest car-users in the world . One reason is that it is a very large country , with huge distances to cover . Another reason is that oil is cheap . Moreover , the public transportation service is disastrous . Conveniency is also a reason for the intempestive use of cars : it is easier to take your car than to do a five-minute walk or to catch a bus . There might also be a cultural element in the American taste for cars . Given the governments'policy concerning cars , I doubt the use will significantly diminish in twenty years ' time . An alternative method to escape car pollution might be the search for non polluting devices that would allow to use environment-friendly cars . Hybrid cars , using partly oil and partly electricity or non-polluting oils , already exist . But theres is also an economical aspect to the question . Huge economical interests are at stake . The oil market deals with enormous amounts of money , and big oil corporations do not want to see their profits decline . They try to discourage the search for new technologies to replace oil . But , as the stock of oil will diminish more and more , those technologies will have to be developped anyway . But , first of all , the international community will have to become aware of this problem . To conclude , I would like to say that there will probably not be fewer cars in use in twenty years . But , hopefully , these cars will be environment-friendly cars .
(GER,high) I do n't think travelling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way . As I have a lot of travelling experince I am convinced that travelling by yourself is the best way to do it . With doing so you have much more freedom because you can make decisions on your own and do n't have to consider someone else . This also prevents you from possible arguments with the group or your travelling partner which could lead to a vacation you do n't enjoy fully . Another important advantage , in consideration of a tour guide , is that you get to explore places on your own and do n't have to stick to a certain travel itinerary . This offers you a lot more possibilities and you can stay at places you like and avoid the ones you do n't like . Tour guides have their program which they run through every trip . I think this is unpersonal . When I am travelling I want an individual route that 's the perfect fit for me and gets the most out of my time . Mostly you wo n't find this in a guided tour because it is designed to satisfy the needs of a broad range of people and a lot of times covers the really touristy spots . I am not such a fan of this . You get to know a country much better if you go to places where the local people are instead of all the tourists . When travelling alone you are much more responsive to new people . While I was travelling in Australia I met so many new people which I probably never would have talked to , if I would have been in a group . But when you are by yourself you are more open for making new friends , just for the simple reason to not be alone all the time . Furthermore it broadens your culture knowledge and understanding . Last but not least it is more expensive to book a guided tour than to explore the country by yourself .
(ITA,high) The issue at hand is whether or not is necessary to take risks to succeed in life . I think this is a very important issue because it has to do with our personal behaviour and most of all with the way everybody looks at life in general . I am convinced that the only way to have success is to take risks and to try to walk roads that nobody walked before . My first reason to support my thought is my own experience . When I finished the University in Florence , I decided to come to Mexico because I was convinced that I would have greater opportunities to realize my dreams than if I had remained in Italy . I took the risk to go to a new country but today I can say that it worths . Another reason why I think risk is strictly correlated to success is because I am convinced that all the ways that take you to success must be difficult . As much your dream is bigger as much it will be more difficult to realize . But difficulty naturally implies risk , because without taking any risk things are much easier to realize , but also they give you less success . Of course not everybody likes to take risks . As I mentioned before it depends on our personal behaviour . On one hand there are some people that enjoy life without taking any risks , following a routine that they already know very well . On the other hand there are some people that look at life as a continous change , as taking risks all the time . I think I belong to the second group of people as I get bored very easy when I am doing the same things . For all these reasons I conclude that people who think of success as the main goal of their lifes , must take risks and trying new things as many times as they can . The bigger the risk , the greater the success .
(TUR,high) i believe espeacially collage students should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . For example in my university called Sabanci university , we have two years to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . No matter which faculty the student will continue with , all students should learn a bit from everything such as chemistry , biology , mathematics , politics , history \ design ect . For example i made a good useage of this system , by learning what i really want to study . As for me , I would never choose visual communication and design department if there was no such a system . I have choosen this department by knowing what it includes , what the requirements are and for sure what pleases me more . By looking from this perspective , i think that to have broad knowledge helps to open peoples minds and create more well cultural backgrounded people . The more well cultural backgrounded people means the more civilized people . Perhaps this would lead to a better , pieceful enviroment for living . By the help of this system , people take more confidential steps to their future jobs . As we see today , most people do not work at the same field that they were graduaded from , moreover they do not enjoy their jobs . As a conclusion , this system can be the solution of this problem . However i believe that after having broad knowledge of many academic subjects , people should specialize in one subject , because it is also important to have specialized people on specific subjects . If knowledge of everyone is on the same level , the scientific approaches or artistic innovations would not be possible . As a result of all , my oppinion is , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
(FRE,high) Firstly , I thing that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects may be , culturally speaking , really interesting but that it can also lead to a confused professional guide line in the future . Therefore , the first objective that each student should have will be , to my point of view , to find out what they will be in ten years in order to have a clear objective during all their studies . Even tough , it is , obviously , really hard to now at 18 years old what you will be in the future , I profundly believe that the question should be raised carefully in order to create the student motivation . Moreover , I do believe that at one stage or another we have to find out what we really want to do and then , in order to achieve , this objective to specialize ourselves . To take a simple example , at the end of my bachelor degree in foreign language I did realize that this section was not diversify enough , so I decided to change for another direction : international commerce . My point , is that it is important to focus on a specific guide line but without being too specific . Nevertheless , being stuck in a specific subject can be prove to be a handicaped for the search of a job latter on . In fact , for some subjects a specification can put the student in a very difficult position , for example we all know that nowadays some departments or branches or no longer relevant or cannot be provided any more . Students that are specialized in these subjects will therefore have problems to find a job at the en d of their studies and they will probably have to pass another university diploma to get a more general degree in order to find a job .
(FRE,medium) As far as I am concerned , I take side for the idea that it is more essential and useful to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . First and foremost , it is worth mentionning that a strong aquaintance is based on the ability to classify facts and events . Indeed , for instance , in order to understand historical events , it is unefficient to accumulate facts in a chronological order . What is really thought-provoking is to be able to identify why it has occured . To identify that , you must be aware of philosophical theories or political movements . Thus , I personnaly believe you have to learn concepts and ideas to have a clear idea of history and to understand better facts . Furthermore , knowing an accumulation of facts is useless . As a matter of fact , it does not allow students to face all situations . There is a striking issue ; Students who study economy need to know what is liberalism or Keynesianism but not the little event that arose in an unknown company . Eventually , students have to prepare them to be efficient and dynamic on the labor market . Broadly speaking , I think that learning ideas and concepts build your ability to face predicament or dilemnas . In a company , when you take a decision , it is not only important but also , to me , mandatory to refer yourself to a concept in order to defend your viewpoint and your action . A wellknown idea or concept may lead your boss to trust you about the efficiency of your action . To conclude , I personnaly believe that ideas and concepts are crucial for a strong and logical knowledge in university . Moreover , I think that it is essential to adapt to the labor market .
(TUR,medium) All over the world , if we examine the present and past , there is two kind of person , one who serves their life in the known ways , just simply survives and the extreme ones who make new things try to find new ways and takes risks which can not be taken . I am totaly agree that successful people are the ones that who try the new and take risks even if I can not be taken before . Firstly , success is something like not to be done by everyone , in opposite you can say that reading is a success , but nowadays it is not because everybody can read . In that point it might be a good example to give the Wright Brothers flying expriences , 100 years before they tried to fly , and they took the biggest risk which can be caused by death . They were successful inventors . And I think that is the meaning of success . After that I can be known that the times that risks are taken might be the break down of the history , and if you dont take the risk you can not survive . In the history , there is certain times that whole future is in the hands of a human being . One cannot say that the risk of Hannibal to pass tha Alpines ( the Mountain above the italy ) in the middle of the winter was not a risk , but at the end he reached with his chosen army to the center of Italy to Rome . He was a successful soldier . Sometimes if you dont take risks you cannot survive . Finally , trying new things is one of the most strong way to be successful . The other ways done by lots of people lots of time and you can see that they all not did anything new . For example , the great experimental physicist M. Faraday , try the new way of understanding the unknown area , and until he was shown on the scene it might be tried these experiments over hundred times . Of course he is a successful man because he tried the new and think the new . All in all , the whole world is turning over the successful persons hands , and if you tried to look up their most attracted works they tried the new , they take the risk .
(SPA,high) Knowledge is a very powerful tool . The more you know about something , the better informed and prepared you are on the subject . If having knowledge in one area is good , it 's even better to know about many subjects . Having an integral education provides you with the base to be able to speak , even if at short length , about many topics . You are able to move throughout a wider social spectrum because you can relate to a larger group of people . That being said I think it 's important to specialize in one specific subject . Experts have a very important place in our society . They are recognized by governments , academia and many other places . Their specialized information is valued because other people do n't know it . Specializing in one specific subject leads you down a path of expertise . Even better is when you can specialize in more than one subject . This way , you can combine different fields and create new paths of knowledge . Specializing in a subject ( whether it be one or more ) also opens a space to community . Although a specific subject might not have a large range of people attached to it compared to people who have a broad knowledge , it is a more close and tightly knit group . There 's a development of traditions , rules and language that pertain to that specific group . Take into consideration medical and legal jargon , which might sound like a foreign language to people who do n't have knowledge in that specific field . It is a way to communicate with people from the same `` tribe '' . People from similar fields also are able to develop very strong relationships because they can understand the complexities of a particular subject . We cannot overlook the importance of having an education that comprises of a wide variety of subjects . This training enables you to be a constructive part of society . But since everyone ca n't be laying down blocks ( there 's also need of solders , sculptors , painters , etc. ) , there is also a need to specialize in a particular field so you can offer society the best part of yourself : your knowledge .
(ARA,low) I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . Nowadays young people became more interested of spinding alote of time on vedeo games , enternet chating , shoping , and watching TV . One of the important reasone that make young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities is the change in the enviroments around themselfs . For example , the improvment of technolegy create other way for spending time instated of specifing the enough time to helping their communities . Anather reasone that parents do not encarege the young people to give enough time to helping their communities . Schools are also do not pay a tention for teatching young people the importance of helping their communities . Thus , It is not one specific resone lead to the behavore of the young people nowadays where they do not give enough time to helping their communities . It is the responcepelty of the family , schools , and the other socity factores which where reflectted negativety on them .
(ITA,medium) in my opinion would be great to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects but to be more realistic i think that is better to specialize in one or a very narrow range of specific subjects . First of all i guess that it would be very difficult to learn about many subjects and that who wants to follow this way have to spend so many effort on it . I totally disagree with the statement and the reason , which i mentioned previously , is because i prefer to be more realistic , in fact i think that if you are specialize in a specific subject you can improve your skill about it and you can get a job or be hired from someone more likely than if you have few notions about many things . Another important point is that if you are spacializing in a particular thing you are supposed to be very interested in it and you can really enjoy to study it and go more in depth . with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects you can probably just have a shallow knowledge of them instead of study them deeply . at last i think that is pretty wrong to have a wide knowledge spread among a lot of subjects even because i think that without specialist , the world , would n't be as it is know , i guess that it would be still as it was in the past , without all the new inventions that changed history society and our way of live . i know that probably i did n't argument my ideas in depth and i am probably too confused but that is because i was trying to disguise that i do n't agree with the statement because i do n't believe to be able to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects and i am disappointed about it . lol .
(ITA,medium) I have worked for a long time as a researcher in my University 's laboratory . What I have learnt during that and other experiences is that only people taking risk and trying new things are successfull . Threfore there are at least a couple of reasons according to which I agree with the statement . The first one is that people trying to explore new things most of the time give a different point of view to all the other . For example , when Einstein has introduced his theory of relativity he has become one of the most appreciated scientists of the world . His theory has opened new research fields and it has been the result of a deep research conducted making new assumptions , trying new things and taking the risk of being criticized . The second reason is that who tries new things is in general a very particular person and in many occasions I feel like them . During my experience in the laboratory , for instance , I was used to get in a deep state of concentration , eliminating all the external stimulus I could have . Few months after I have finished my experience in the laboratory , I have read some biographies of famous and successfull people and I have understood that they all have this attitude to isolate themselves from the outside . Concluding I can say that I agree with the statement because I think that people trying new things give ever a new point of view to mankind and because sometimes I feel like one of them . I hope that in the future I will do something by which I will remembered as a successfull person .
(CHI,medium) Yes . I agree . Because as the TV , Internet , developed to help people get the information really easy . To make people notice is not a problem . But the product is not only sold by one company . In order to let people spend their money buying the products become really important . Advertisements always use something shacked word and well noticed senctice to effect peolpe 's desire of shopping . For example medicine . Some company will use many people to show how their product works and compare with different company . But as we know it depend on different body 's effect . In some fast food restaurant the picture of the meal usually looks like full and hot . for some reason to make it fast and commercial way , it is really difficult to make it looks like the picture . In the company , there must have different people make the product and the advertisements . In order to finish their job . They both want to do the best . Advertisements is the first line to the customors . sometimes the product may be just ok but if it had a good advertisement it could probably change customors ' mind . That works , the company made money . and the people not only buy their product but the most important things the Ad . Advertisements made people fight with their desire . When people paid the money and find out that they did not satisfyed . because we always want better or more . Sometimes in our mind feels that we should n't spend that much just for that things and find a reason to argue . But anyway advertisements works . That is why the company rather spend their money on the advertisements than on the mass of product . Consider to the products , if it just ok and not really far as the advertisements people still accept it . Take a look carefully before we buy .
(FRE,medium) The `` understand '' function is an asset when it comes to learn something . Learning without understanding can bring people to a simple repetition or reproduction of what they have learn . Robots , and apes used during experiments learn ths way . The Pavlov experiment when a dog learn to be prepared for food-time instinctively is a great example to show that learning do not require much effort . Human being have more faculty to develop by understandig , though they still have to learn . Understanding a concept developed in class help the student to relate this concept to similar situations where the concept was applied . The student , in ths case , is able to review the concept in any kind of situation and is free from his books theory for this part of the subject . For example if someone do not understand the concept of what is the natural purpose of having sex , this person might be interested by the fact that having sex just provide him a personal satisfaction . On the other hand , by understanding the concept , he would know that he is not the only one being pleased , that the sex can bring a child , and we can go further if we consider the psychological , and physical dimensions of a human . As for the example , the student might understand the concept , learn better the subject , be able to transmit the idea to others , and find more example for explanation of what he have learn . In addition without frequent repetition the student will be able to recall the concept and then the facts more faster than a simple fact learning ( view as a repetitive exercise ) . It is difficult to visualize a fact that you have never learned , or experienced from a book . Because more academic books present concept first , then examples ; It would be more easy for a student who understand the concept to create an example of his own and go further in the lesson that one who only lern the examples . At the test the one who learn is more likely to answer wrong a lot of question related to the concept he never understood . History has shown that researches are developed by people who understood the concepts left by others . They devevelop the concepts , and then use experiments and examples to support and verify their view . As students are supposed to study the matters they are faced to , it is more important for them to `` understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
(SPA,low) I am disagree with this statement , because for me it is the same important . To understand ideas and concepts about a topic is important because you know about that , but if you can not see the facts you only will have your own opinion and you may not see how this things will be carrying to the end . For example if you study biology you can not stayed only reading and understanding concepts because when you finished your career you could not work because you do not how that thing make . Insted if you learn for diferents facts you know how you should drive a situation in the moment because you have already seen and practiced . In my career , Ingeenering , I have to learn of the facts because all that I made should be experimented and prove so this experiment is a fact . For other hand you can think that the fact are not only the most important so in diferents careers is not a rule have the facts because are more important ideas and concepts , but in some cases this things should have some facts to prove and learn . So in my own experience the two ideas are many important , if you have the first you should have the second idea , the first can not live whitout the second and the second can not live whitout the first . This ideas are a complement each other and i think that the teachers have to carry to the practice this situation . Use this two things , the students feels more self-confident about that they know and how can they solve a problem .
(CHI,high) In the previous century , people are required to specialize in one specfic subject . Many specialists are praised by the world , such as scienists and techinical expert . However , this trend have been changed in the 21st century . Nowadays , people who have broad knowledge are required by the world . If you want to be a leader in the new era , you should have broad knowledge of many subject . First reason of being a person with broad knowledge is , the world affairs have become more and more complicated and inter-related because of globalization . Globalization is an unavoidable force which is affecting everybody in this planet . For example , working as a manager in a trans-national companies , you need to know other countries ' culture and history , business environment , political context , economic situation , etc . It is totally different with 20 years ago , people could just speacialize in one specific subject and deal with same problems during their whole career . In order to deal with the challenges brought from globalization , we should know more about other subjects . Secondly , our horizon will be very narrow if we only focus on one subject . We should know more things from other subjects , in order to have a more comprehensive view . There is no prefect subject in the world , as every subject has its own strengths and weaknesses . Thus , we need to study various subjects to enrich our knowledge . We can prevent thinking too narrow when we slove a problem . Therefore , we can avoid bad results . In conclusion , It is better to have broad knowledge in the 21 century . As a student , I will learn more things of other subjrcts , in order to deal with the trend of
(ITA,low) For this question there are two mains ways of developed it . The first is that today there are an incredible numbers of cars in the world , in Europe and in the North America the market is full , but in Asia , for example , the rapidly grow up of population could have increase a numbers of cars . The second is that in Europe and U.S.A. the public kind of transportation are forever in amount and the car began an older kind of transportation . I think that the second way is the best solution for this big problem of cars numbers in the world , and so I agree with this question : in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
(FRE,low) actually i 'm agree with the statment beaucause when everybody travel with nothing so much people gonna say do this or do that , it 's gonna make you a litltle confuse , they can even make you go to the wrong way . when you travel along with nobody i ca n't even tell how bored it 's gonna be . If the travel is five hours it 's gonna be worst then everything . That 's why when you go in group led i'ts much better by your self and it 's more secure too . You could also find a lot a fun by chatting each other , you gonna have a lot of occupation to do and that 's for sure it't a lot of fun , no need to think where you goind , which way to go . If you and your group travel at the same time you making some joke , you not even see when you arrive in the destination place . Me i love traveling specially with my family far away . One day my decide to make a trip all away to canada and the whole family was included in this trip , i think it was like five seven hours driving , that 's was very fun . every two hours my dad stop the car , so we could get something to eat and it 's was a very nice journey . Every body in the car was happy about this trip . one day i whish i coold do that again and i hope i gonna be the same fun . tha't why i agree with the following statement .
(GER,high) Although I personally would be more than happy if this statement would be true , I can not agree with it . Three major aspects make me disagree with the statement , firstly the world population in general and secondly greed for material goods , the idea of personal freedom and independent traveling closely connected to the idea of having an own car . Thirdly the car industries have to be taken into account who are not likely to be very willing to earn less money by producing less cars . Since the beginning of the industrialization more and more goods have been produced for more and more people living on the earth . In the next 20 years the world population will by no means decline , Europe and North America may face this problem but the rest of the world will face a population increase . More people on the earth are likely to equal more cars being around in the next twenty years and beyond . At the same time people ask for more and more goods to have a more comfortable life and to prove themselves and their neighbours who they are and up to where they have made it . Having a car is not only due to actual needs of having one but also is a symbol of status for many people ( who then are likely to have more than just one car ) . And , one need not forget that a car actually is very practical , not only for a big family going on holidays or doing shopping but also for every individual because one does not have to live according to public transport schedules . In areas less populated than e.g. Germany or the Netherlands there are many places one would hardly reach without a car and as people tend to have the wish for unlimited access cars will often help them to fullfil this need . Lots of countrys like again e.g. germany earn lots of their money via the car indstries and not only would there have to be huge changes done to change this but maily would it need enough force to actually want a fundamental change and at he moments this , from my point of view unfortunately , can not be seen . My arguments do not only apply to the question of fewer or more cars , I thing it is easily applied to all kinds of modern technological goods like computers , televisions , mobiles and so on and I tstrongly believe that we have to be very careful to produce not only more and more of this goods but that we have to understand that fewer cars , laptops , machines of all kind , as suggested in the statement would actualy often be much better for all of us .
(TEL,high) The traditional cars , which are being used today use petroleum , which is a non renewable source of energy for their functioning . It is a well known fact that the petroleum reserves are limited and are fast drying up . But i feel that this and the eventual exhaustion of petrol in future does not prevent the cars being used . Scientists world over have worked extensively to find a solution to the above said problem and have come up with some practical and feasable ideas of having cars that run on `` alternative energy sources '' . By `` alternative energy sources '' , we mean those energy forms which are not conventionally used . Newer and advanced methods are being discovered to power the `` concept cars '' . The use of fuel cells , which release energy by the combination of hydrogen and oxygen is not only a potential source , but also renewable in the sense that it uses alcohol , obtained by plant decomposition as fuel and give out water as bi product . Though this concept is still in infancy , regarding the safety parameters , few cars designed to test these cells have given positive results and hope . Recently , in the Europe , a car which runs on rechargable batteries , using electricity for recharging was under demonstration . This electricity driven car is not only being used in other parts of the globe , but is also being recomended as it is eco-friendly . Unlike the exhaust gases from a petrol driven car , this car produces absolutely zero bi products . The other inventions being done in these lines are the `` solar battery '' driven car and those which have a combination of more than one of these sources . The prime related area where statistics are being worked out is to see the efficiency , safety and the unit cost when such cars are under mass production . Hence , whether the petrol reserves dry up or not i personally feel that the cars which run on the above said energy sources will without doubt replace the petrol driven car and see to it that cars are used as much as they are being used today and who knows , even larger in number .
(FRE,low) I strongly agree with that steatement . In my opinion it is the best way to travel , you will make new friend , explore the nature and experience people difference point of view . I never experience to tralvel with a group led by a tour guide before , but my husband and I toke the chrildren to new york city last year for christmas , we had so muth fan , it was so amazing how they all was asking question at the same time none stop , we have a familly of six , my oldest dauther she 's a hair specialist and a makup artist
(GER,high) In my opinion it is more important to understand ideas and concepts . Students must deal with this mental buildings , as i would call them , all the time . They have to be flexible and have to know how to use them . If a student , or later as an employee , is short on facts he or she could always look them up . Of course a base of facts is needed to understand ideas and concepts aswell as it is important to be flexible . If you do not know anything about your task you can not be flexible without a certain knowledge . But this should be just the basis on which one has to act . Students have to know and understand the ideas and concepts with which they are working . For example in history you have to know what happend when but if you know what happend why and you do not know the date you can put the dates in a propper order because you know the idea behind it . You do not have to know the propper date of the Boston Tea Party but if you know who did what and why it had been done you know that it was one of the crucial points to American Independence . Or if you can understand the differences between to ideas you can make up your own opinion on them . Learning by just learning facts gives you big knowledge but no own opinion or own way of dealing with ideas or developing ideas or concepts . If one just knows the key facts one could still deal with the idea . You just have to know a little about the crucial points as for example Marx and Engles picture of human being to know the problems of communism . The facts of the way the communism devloped and the ideas differed are helpful later on but not necessarly . To sum up facts and ideas have got their place but the empasis should lie on the ideas .
(ARA,medium) I do n't believe there will be fewer cars in the next twenety years . Cars are the most efficient way of transportation because it 's cheap , fast enough and we use it for our daily life . I guess no body can live without using the car in his daily transportaion . Althought the market for the cars has grown much more than before , we can see more luxury , econmic and comfortable cars . Although scientist are looking for another way for opreating the car rather than oil . They are having now their experiment on sun power and Hydrojen and a lot of these experiment have been successed . Besides , Oil market is grown as well and there a lot of reservation for oil for next 40 and 60 years . Cars are important in our daily life , we use it to go to work , traveling , construction and entertainment as well . I believe that cars will be diffierent from now maybe flying cars or diving cars , and maybe we will use our car to travel on the air instead of airplanes and no need to bother ourselves for finding reservation and the crowd of the people at the airport . Also , we can see the number of cars is grown in each year in the global world by milions . Company , Industry and business are using cars to achive their work . About me i use the car daily and i ca n't live without it .. i use it to go the college and for travelling . Finally , I would say cars will be much more in the next twenty years and will grow rapidly as well as the technology will be grown much more and it will be more crowded in the ground and in the air and by the end of the We will see cars work by the sun power and hydrojen
(GER,high) You can find advertisements everywhere : in newspapers , in the cinema , at bus stations and even on the toilet paper . So they defenitely influence us a lot . Often we just buy a new product because the man in the newspaper had such a nice smile . It 's the question if you really get what they are pretending . I think there are a lot of products which are in fact not as useful or of the quality the commercial lets them look like . There exists for example a tv-spot where a handsome girl watches a big screen with an ice-cream on it and while watching it dissapears and suddenly sit 's on an tropic island . Of course this is not possible in reality but it should show , that together with the ice-cream you buy some tropical feelings . Advertisements always are used to express some special needings to the person who whatches them . And a lot of studies show that most of the people are easily to impress , especially with pictures or videos . From my point of view this is a dangerous fact , because advertisements often promise things which a person does n't just get because of buying the product . For example the commercials for smokers . There are always shown a group of modern and happy people , sitting togther , relaxing and of course smoking . So a young boy might think that if he buy 's those cigarettes he will get a lot of new friends and self-confidence . But in reality it 's not that easily . In addition to that , only companies with a great amount of money are able to start commercials . They will be shown everywhere and a lot of people will buy their products just because of that and not because of thinking it trough if it has got the best quality or the best price . So I think it 's possible to produce less good products but at the same time sell lots of them just because of a wide range of advertisements . All in all , from my point of view , advertisements often pretend to give a certain use to the person that buys the product , but in the end it 's often just wishful-thinking .
(ARA,medium) The statement says that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . We dont know for sure whether this statement is true or not . Twenty years is a long time , and anything can happen . With all the new technologies that are being invented everyday , it is possible to have fewer cars in twenty years . Today , we see that there are too many cars being manufactured than the amount that is needed . In Kuwait for example , every house has about two to three cars , if not more . Having too many cars can cause disasters . As a result , more accidents will occur , and people would have to leave their homes earlier because of any traffic or accidents that would cause them to be late . In twenty years , we could have flying cars , or a different trasportation system that would result in less cars . More people might start using other forms of transportations . In my opinion , I believe that there should be less cars in use , and that people should use other forms of transportation to get from one place to another . Some other forms of transportation are the use of buses , subways , or carpooling . If more people used buses and subways , there would be less cars in use . Carpooling is also a good method that can be used to reduce the amount of cars in use today . If there was a rule stating that each car should have a minimum of three people , less cars would be in use . In conclusion , a possible solution is that in the future , people would realize the amount of money they are spending on gas , and how dangerous driving has become . And who knows how much gas will be available in twenty years .
(TUR,medium) Learning facts and understanding ideas and concepts are the different ways of learning and they also need different kind of attentions . I am a university student and I prefer learning facts rather than understanding the ideas and concepts . I said they have different kind of attention and first I want to explain this . When you try to understand ideas and concepts you generally spend more time . You should cover whole issue to understand it . Most professors try to use this method and while coming the important points of issue they are talking a lot . In my opinion , they are giving unnecesery knowledge . However , if professors just give the important parts of the subject than students may understand better and it would't take much time than talking about unnecessary things . The second important thing that we should talk about is that the human brain can also concentrate 25-30 minutes at all . That 's why on the 35th minute of lecture the student start to daydream while the professor just coming the most important part of subject . If teachers want to teach better , they should stop talking and trying to cover the whole idea . I insist on just giving the important parts of issue and then start to cover the subject while solving problems or debating for example . This is more succesfull way to teach and more convenient for students , too . To sum up , I totally disagree the way of undertanding ideas and concepts . That is a less of time and time is more important that students . Teachers should use time conveniently and just give the student the important parts not the whole of the subject .
(GER,medium) Very a lot of sucessful , or better called rich , persons try new things and risks because the need or want a new opportiunity to get more money or respect than other people . The people who dont want to change anything in their life are happy with their life now . But the sucessful persons want to rise up her personal abilities . So thez want to get ore money , a higher social life or a development of their own personality . But in the most cases the biggest role plays the money . People want to get always more of it . For example , at the big boom of the financial trade papers before ca . 5 years a lot of people want to buy and to trade with this papers and give a lot of their money to many different tade papers . So many people made much money with this deals but also some people had loosen everything . And therefore the population registrates the sucessful people because they have much money and common people are interested in those people because they want to know , for example , what the rich persons will do with this money and they think also that richer people are more happy than `` normal '' people who have not so much money as the rich ones . But in the financial paper case there were a lot of people who loose a lot of their money or sometimes everything . But nobody knows something about them because they do not get much puplicity or stand in the newspapers or in the internet or somewhere else . So you think that when you take risks on you you will more sucessfully than other people but it can also go in the wrong way and you will not be sucessful . So you have to think well about the solutions of the risks and you should not handle to the opinion of another person because it is your money or something else .
(HIN,high) In modern era , people are getting more and more involved in their personal matters to such an extent that they cannot spare time for other social obligations . Young generation , particularly focusses on its own interests disregarding the needs and problems of their communities as a whole . I agree with the statement made by the author and substantiate my decision as follows . The concept of `` Individualism '' has encompassed almost every corner and section of society . People are preoccupied by the thought `` Survival of the Fittest '' . That is why they are more focussed on their own personal lives and dont care for their community as a whole . This is supported by the fact that whenever funds are granted for the upliftment of a particular community , people who are involved in such dealings tend to get maximum aid for themselves remaining unconcerned about the others in the community . Also in today 's world everyone is flooded with the works and responsibilities one has to perform . This leaves no room in their thought for such help to upbring their community . Their hectic schedule doesnot leave them with enough spare time . So they dont get enough time for considering concerns of their communities . Moreover , these days the thinking of people have broadened and they donot want to give an edge to a community , no matter if that community is their own . They believe in sense of competition and unbiased selection . They believe in dignity of hard work and want justice to prevail among the society . But one must admit as well , many associations which favor the improvement of a community as a whole are still present in fair numbers and are active . Most of these associations are run by people who have been successful in life and want to provide opportunities to other members of their community . Most of them comprise of donations , gifts and reservations for the members of their respective communities In sum , despite of some exceptions the young people nowadays do not devote enough time to helping their communities and are more concerned with their daily responsibilities and obligations .
(SPA,high) With a broad knowledge you can understand the world and with a specialization in a subject you may be the most recurred person in the whole world . Which path should one take ? That 's a topic that many young people deal with . Let 's discuss some relevant points . Having a broad knowledge of many essential subjects , such as history , mathematics , biology and language is not only important in order to climb the latter of education but also for the development of one 's ideas , personality and tolerance towards others . You can be able to understand the world , draw conclusions and interrelate the different subjects , and therefore have a deeper and more coherent view of things . For example , if you have learnd about Darwin and his theory about the `` survival oh the fittest '' and have a knowledge in history you would know how this biological theory applies in society , in which powerful and wealthy people rule most of the time . On the other hand , being specialized in one specific subject could mean being the most known person in that area and people will recurr to you more than to anyone else who does not have the knowledge you have on a specific matter . You may not understand the whole world , but have answers to questions and are able to analyse things that no one else could . For example , if you have a unique disease , a bacterial infection , you would recurr to a specialist in that area and not tho your grandfather that has a very broad cultural knowledge . In my opinion you should n't choose one path but both . Throughout your whole life you should be interested to expand your broad knowledge , let it be by studying or travelling . It is indispensable to know about many subjects in order to understand each of one , since everything interrelates in one world . Broad knowledge is the basis of your futher area of study that you may want to pursue if you are interest in a specific matter .
(FRE,medium) Go to school is the perfect way to have a broad knowledge but is it better than decide to be specialized in one subject ? It is not so simple . A good way to build his own personnality and to learn the more we can is to associate a broad knowledge and a specific interest in something . On the one hand , a broad knowledge is very important and even vital . A large knowledge is essential to have a critical spirit and to build his own way of thinking . That is why school is very important to understand the world in which we are living in terms of mathematics , history , biology , litteratury or foreign language . But it is not enough , every body have to develop his own curiosity to discover other thing such as music , painting , sport . All that things are essential to have a good social life and to make interesting relationship . But on the other hand , it is not so easy . Being specialized is usually very important for a job for instance or even just because we are interested in some specific things . To put just an example . It is very normal to know some things better than another . That is why there is different job inside a same compagny . Someone who is working in the marketing knows more things on the consumer than the countable but none of them is better nor more intelligent than the other . But one thing is sure they are both essential to the compagny . Finally , a specific knowdelge is essential to build his own personnality , because everybody has his own hobbies and his own capacities . But nobody should forget that before being specialized a broad knowledge is necessary .
(KOR,high) Before discussing this statement , we have to think about what `` enjoying life '' means . It could be simply `` having fun . '' If it is the case , we have to say that young people enjoy life more than older people do . But I want to say that `` enjoying life '' can be attained after we recognize `` the meaning of life . '' When we follow my own definition of `` enjoying life , '' then we can say that old people enjoy life more than younger people do . Young people may have fun during their school life by discussing topics that they newly discovered , traveling foreign countries or simply going out with friends . However I want to say that these experiences would be merely `` fun '' rather than enjoying life . Because `` life '' is such a serious thing , it will take time for young people to recognize the meaning of life . Also , young people are busy and poor . They have too much things to do to prepare for the future . They do n't have enough money to spend to enjoy . Older people , on the other hand , through their abundant experience , would get their own idea of `` life . '' Only after they have some idea of life , they will think about what would enjoying their lives mean . It could be helping others , reading books and discuss about , or travel to diffenent countries . But their experiences would not merely fun . We could say these experiences are `` enjoying lives . '' Facinating thing for older people would be that they have time and money to spend for enjoying their lives . As a conclusion , I would like to say that old people enjoy life more than younger people do . So I disagree with the statement .
(FRE,medium) Learn 's methods are really important , they allow education system to be more efficient . There are several patterns which can be followed by teachers . For instance , they can choose between focus upon ideas and concept s or on facts . To understand ideas and concepts improves students ability to develop their logical skills . These qualities are required by a lot of areas as mathematics , biology or economic . For example , in economics , you need to understand all market 's mechanisms to be able to explain how works an economy in any country . Ideas and concepts merely learn you how some events are engendered . To learn facts is more important for culture . It leads students to know the backgroung of some situations . They can in this way easily picture in which conditions some concepts take place . By following the same economic example , we can say that the knowledge of some history contexts allowes us to understand why at some moments economic theories have not worked . For instance , it can be implied by an event that one of the theory 's assumptiom is no longer respected . At hence , for all these reason I utterly disagree with this statement because understand ideas and concept is complementary to learn facts .
(TEL,medium) I disagree the statement `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' . I would like to present few reasons and examples to justify my opinion . In present scenario the use of cars has been increasing day by day . The first and one of the important reasons for the increased use of cars is Urbanization . With the increase of the Urbanization the use of cars has been increasing proportionally . I guess the scope for Urbanization increases by a good extent within the next twenty years which further increases the use of cars . Secondly , people got used to the luxury of travelling in a car and also the advantages of it . Cars with more features and utilities are being introduced competitively . These cars increase the comfort levels and also save their time . There are a few cars which can even prevent accidents by their sensors , which can also give the details of the location that you are in . So people get attracted by these additional features of the cars and thus lead to the increased use of the cars , There may be an argument that twenty years later most of the activities of the people may be completed through the use of internet . But people never stop themselves from going out and having faun travelling distances , meeting their friends personally etc . One more fact is that there are very few reasons for the decrease in the use cars like to control air pollution , to diminish the traffic on the roads etc. , which would be of less importance to people when compared to the need of the cars by them for their personal activities . If we consider a decrease in the use of cars then what are the means of transport ? The use of motorbikes , buses , railways , airways must be the alternatives which my not be as comfortable as using cars . So i conclude that there is a very less scope for the decrease in the number of cars in twenty years from today .
(JPN,high) It is less important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for then to learn facts . Learning facts are more important than comprehending ideas or concepts because ideas and concepts come from facts one has learned . A typical example for this will be Hitler and the jewish people . Without the Allies revealing the secret of what the nazis have done to the jews , the gory , unnecessary holacaust would have been buried and never revealed again . Because the Allies found out the Axis movements , new ideas and concepts have been stated and listed . Since facts came out , the ideas came too . Another perfect example will be students learning history . By gaining knowledge of horrible events that has happened in the history , such as slavery , asssassination of the best presidents , World War II , the Cold war , or the Vietnamese war , students will have more knowlegde and facts to form more opinions . New society with more ideas can only be constructed through students attaining more and more facts . To construct , or at least attempt to construct an utopian community or a better world will only be possible if facts are learned , and brand new ideas are formed . Original concepts , mixed with facts are the two most important factors to create the society . A house will be a typical example . If the house is a life , the frames and the base will be the facts , and all the other fancy materials , such as windows , flooring , et cetra , will be the ideas . Without the frames , it is impossible to have the fancy materials to stand . Therefore , is it much more important for students to learn facts rather than comprehending ideas or concepts . Because without the facts , Existence of ideas and concepts will be not allowed .
(ARA,medium) I think to understand ideas and concepts are more important than memorize facts . Why ? First of all the concepts and ideas represent the core of any mechanism or process or any theory . In philosophy for example if we do not undrestand the idea or the concepts behind how Socrat use to think , we will miss all his theories and his propency in thinking . Gathering facts on socrats will be useless . The second reason is that facts are kind of details supporting concepts and ideas . To memorize them is good but if we do not it does n't matter exept for the most significants . More over facts can be found in any type of memory extantion as data bases , enceclopdia , books . Some of them are suffisiant to be be listed as examples to support the idea or the concept . In a lecture teachers are focusing on ideas and concepts because they now they are important and they spend more time explain them to make sure that student understand them . How ever they may let student work by them selves on gatherins facts , because they are easy to find . The other reson why concepts and ideas are more important to focus on is the huge amount of information availble on different subjects in labrariea and throught the internet . The Student have to learn how to focus on the most important information and get red of the less important in other word , students have to know how to classify their knowlege or how to prioritize their knowlege . The complexity of new subjects like technology or like human sciences does not allow to be losted in facts , I mean in details Students has to understand first and make the complexity mastred before going and memorizing . In conclusion would say that understinding cocepts and ideas is the most important part when learning on a subject , facts can flow and c
(JPN,medium) In my opinion , I support the idea to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject . There are two reason why I support the idea . First of all , to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects to help us to think about things wide angle . For example , if I have different opinion from my friend , and get fight from it , then I think it is very important to try to think in different angle . In other words , to avoid to think my claim is always right . Another reason why I support the claim is because it would help me to live in society with enjoying . To have various knowledge may provide me to communicate with people easily . Because I simply imagine that if I have various knowledge , then I wo n't have much tough time to concider what shoud I talk to people . It will provide me many friends . I do not think to specialize in one specific subject is bad . Actually , I respect people who is professional about specific subject , because it is result of their concentraining and devote time to study about it . That is great effort I think . Howe , I think to have various knowledge means similar to be flexible person . I would like to be flexible person . What is flexible person for me is , to think about wide range , and can think about by standing other person 's position . Then my world would be more expand and life will be more enjoyable . Above all , I support the opinion to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than not .
(TUR,high) The life brings out too many alternatives for a person for enjoying the life . The hard thing for him/her is being able to do that thing . The reasons behind this `` ability '' can be the age , environmental factors or family situations . But if we consider only the age , I think young people enjoy life more than older people do . Altough I am only twentytwo years old and have not experienced being old , I agree this statement from my observations . My basic arguments and observations are as following ; young people have more physical abilities than the do older people and they mainly do not think about all the apects of a situation These two help them while enjoying the life . First of all phisical abilities are very important . Because if a person is not able to go , do , or reach something there is going to be a limitation for him/her . For instance , I think that sea holidays are important experineces for people . Although it seems relaxing , it contains traveling , adapting a different weather if the person has gone a different place , and lastly sitting under the sun . These are very very vital elements that can harm an old person 's health conditions . He/she has to think very carefully before going and if she/he is gone she/he has to take care of himself/herself . but mainly young people do not have these kind of limitations and can go if the conditions let them go . Additionally , older people mainly think deeply about the situations that they face . I think this is an unconcious fact and a result of being experienced . The experience that they have help them to predict the results of the situations and they may hesitate about doing something . However , I think this case being unexperienced is more advantageous . Bacause , a person with lack of experience does not consider mainly the results of something . In this point I am not talking about considering the circumstances at that time . The point I want to reach is caring too much about the results and I think what the older people do is that . This makes them too caringabout the results and limited . In conlusion , if only the age is considered , younger people have more advanteges for enjoying the life than the old people . But in fact it is not the only parameter for the enjoy a person has from his/her life . An old person can enjoy life than do a young person if additional parameters like family conditions are included in this statement .
(TUR,high) People living in modern times have benefited from many inventions and discoveries that have enriched the world . Dedicated scientists even devote their life time in order to explore different ways to make our lives better . When exploring the subjects , these people do not hesistate to rake risks and evolve their projects rather than only doing what they are familiar with or know how to do very well . There is one important question that should be asked . Why do people need to try new things and take risks ? I strongly believe that people , who are or want to be successful , do take risks and try new things instead of concentrating on their every day subjects , since repeating everyday knowledge and not questioning their current involvements would not be heplful and enough to make them successful people . First , when I consider about people who had left important prints on the history with the different ascpects and various subjects of science , literature and arts , I can reach a conclusion that almost all of these important figures were filled with the motivation of becoming successful and they took risks to achieve their targets . For example , the Nobel Laurette economist James Tobin says that ` Rare is the child who wants to grow up to be an economist or a professor , I myself did ... ' . Although being grown up in a village and very poor family , Prof. Tobin did not easily give up his dreams and inspite of her father 's rejections , he decided to study economics instead of working as a farmer , which was the thing he was very familiar with and even he was very good at . Without giving up his dreams and by taking some risks such as failures and financial difficulties that he experienced in the time period of his education , he continued his studies passionately and became a worlwide known economist . Finally , he was awarded with a Nobel Prize in 1982 , which is a strong evidence of his success . Second , when people are just concentrate on the subjects and works , which they are very familiar with , then they may loose their desire to be successful since there is an huge possibility to think that they have already achieved enough knowledge so why to struggle more and try new things . In conclusion , I strongly believe that there are yet more to exlpore and more to develop also question all around of the world to make the future brighter and better for next generations . In order to make an epoch and not only have a solid contribution to the social world we live in but also to be successful , people should be able to take risks and they should not be just depended on the subjects they already know .
(SPA,high) I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . I support my position on the following arguments : I think that every stage in life has a special feature that makes it different . On the one hand , young people like to travel , spend time with friends hanging out , practicing sports and doing other activities proper to their age , which is perfectly good . It is the perfect stage of life to learn , experience and recognize the values that were transmited to us . It is also a period in which young people could enjoy the opportunity to demonstrate their affection and love to older people , knowing that some day they will also get older and in demand of affection and attention . In other words , it is a life period that always will be remembered , but that also has to be spent with care and responsability . On the other hand , older people become more family oriented , traying to spend more time with their relatives and the loved ones . It is natural , their priorities in life have changed , but it does not mean that they do not enjoy life anymore , on the contrary , they enjoy life on their own way . Even though it is true that older people become more and more dependant from relatives and other people , it is also true that this is an efficient and human way for us to show them our appreciation for what they have done in their lifes . This is also a great chance for them to witness the love that their relatives may show and feel . In sum , I believe that young people as well as older people are totally able to enjoy life in their own way and considering the characteristics of both different human stages . Thus , I do not believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
(TEL,high) The issue states that there would be fewer cars than there are todayin twenty years . I do not agre with this statement , moreover I feel that the use of cars would be doubled in twenty years than they are today . Fifteen years ago computers have been rarely found with the software industies and only with the managers of various institutions and industries . But now each and every software proffesional , many students shopkeepers of various stores use it . In a similar way the usage of cars also rise since the cars with less costs are also available in the market a person with an average annual income can afford to buy a car for the services rendered by it . A car is used as a luxurious commodity for the modern man . Also it can carry many peoplefrom one place to another unlike a motor cycle . Cars have been developed to run not only with fuels such as petrol , diesel which pollute the environment heavily but also with the gaseous fuels which are environmental friendly . Cars using gaseous fuels are also economical . Cars have also the advantage of safety carrying of diseased persons compared to motor cycles . Cars have also been designed for a single seater which is more economical . Cars using solar radiation as a fuel is under research . Such cars would benefit us more . They give us more comfort to sit and even facilities of air conditioning are possible in it . Everybody is now used to such luxurious comforts . So people work hard to make themselves more comfortable and make his travelling easyby adopting a driver to the car where as this facility is not available with other vehicles . Though buses have this facility , they may not be readily available in need of time . so in order to save most of them prefer cars . People have the idea of deciding what is right or what not . they know how well a car would benefit them . Many of them instead of preferring a motor cycle wait for some more timeand then have a car . So I feel that cars use would be doubled in twenty years and not reduced .
(GER,high) I ca n't make a clear decision wether i agree the statement or not , because it depends on the product and especially on the brand . I think that products and brands being popular and well known wo n't cheat with their advertisment . One reason is that the quality of most of this products is so high that there is no need for the enterprises to lie . A second reason is that the enterprises harm their image if they promise something their product ca n't fulfill . But on the other side new or unknown brands which will conquer a market ca n't survive if they wo n't get humans attention . That 's why many enterprises have to make big promises to attract the consumers view . Examples can be seen daily in TV or in the written media . In our days I think I tend a bit more to the fact that I wo n't agree with the statement . In the time of internet there is a high transparancy concerning the quality of goods . Statements of people who used the product could be looked up and so if one product has bad critics the enterprise could be kicked out of business . Furthermore there are several institutions like the German `` Stiftung Warentest '' which test products to give a neutral statement , and people give much upon their opinion . Last but not least the legal situation for businesses is more difficult . So there is only a small path between what is legal exageration and what is illegal cheating . So the risk to harm the business , for an enterprise , is big enough that most of them wo n't make their products better than they realy are because there is a lot of danger in being punished by the state or even the consumers .
(TEL,medium) What i feel is it depends on the level of education we are in , for example if we r in a under graduate stage its better to learn about various academic subjects when we come to graduation stage its better to study the subject in which we want to specialize in future At undergraduation stage its good to learn all academic subjects , We r never aware that how the others subjects influence us in future for example myself being an undergraduate student i was asked to choose different subjects and i had a choice to study both maths and sciences and when i came to graduation stage my subject was computer science and it is no were related to physics and maths but when i was given a paper for my NASA project , maths and sciences helped me a lot to slove arthematic problems related to problem sloving in programmable language and next physics made me to slove some climatic problems This had a big impact on my paper presentation because i could do it very quickly with out any errors And when a man reaches to a gradutate stage he should be specialized in only one subject because the course we do mainly deals with many practicals More over since it is the most crtical stage in our life because after tat we finally end up in any work , we dont continue our studies again so unless untill if we r not mastering in the subject which we need to do it , then we will end up in a confusion stage so what i strongly belive is when we reach graduation stage we need to work strongly on the subject we choose , tat leads us to work for a good company , its like JACK OF ALL ARTS AND MASTERS OF NONE its a famous quote it says tat being jack in all arts is waste than mastering in one art this will strongly supports my statement when comes to students who r doing graduation so the people who r undergraduates can work on all subjects , But when its comes to the matter of graduation we need to master just one specialize subject .
(JPN,high) I have a opposite opinion to the idea that after twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . I have three main reasons for my opinion . First , cars are convinient than other vehicles such as airplanes and bikes . It is true that airplanes could travel faster than cars but it is not a vehicle that everyone could easily operate . In addition , I think more people are going to use cars replacing bikes . For example , when I was in hurry to school , I had to ride my bike since I did not have a car . It took me long time and I was late , so I have always hoped to have a car since then . Other example is that when I took a train to go to the concert hall in suburb area , because it was rush hour , I had to be in overcrowded train . I did not feel good being smashed with lots of people . Furthermoer , I had to walk to that concert from the train station because there were not any public transportation near that concert hall . This experience made me think that cars are more confortable and convenient than any other transportations . Second , new technologies have made cars improve . Some people argues that cars pollute air . However , since the technologies have developled electronic cars , it will not be bad for the environment . For example . I went to one town in Switzerland , where only electronic cars were allowed . Not only cars but public buses and trains were running by electricity . Not until I found the electronic cars did I think that cars are not going to give bad effects in environment . Finally , the price of the car will certainly go done . It is much cheaper to buy a car than in the past . This means that it would be easier for people to purchase a car . For example , if the car price goes down , people in developing countries would be able to buy cars . Because the climate is bad in most of those countries , people would be happy to ride on a car rather than to walk on hot desserts . For the reasons above , I am convinced that more people are going to use cars in twenty years .
(SPA,high) I would have to say that the best way to travel is being your own tour guide . I personally like to explore places by myself , I am curious and I am not afraid to take risks . To me sounds boring just to think about the idea of traveling with a group of people and depend on somebody else 's schedule and not on my own . When people travel with a tour guide they usually depend on the guide 's schedule during the whole trip , and that could be one of the inconveniences . For example , in a group of people of different ages , the older ones would agree with some situations while the younger probably would not . If they have to follow a guide they have no choice to change the schedule and avoid doing things or going to places where they are not comfortable . Personally , when I travel somewhere , I like to explore the place by myself , get a map , take a train and find places without having to follow somebody that already knows where to go and what to do . If I end up getting lost in an unknown place it is not a problem for me , on the other hand , it is fun ! I like to explore cultures by knowing how their people behave . For example , during my last trip to Rome I discovered the most friendly people I have ever had contact with before . I was lost for 3 hours , and even though I had a map and I knew how to find my way , I started asking for directions to people on the road , and I really loved the fact that they would stop no matter for how long and talk to me , try to help me in the most friendly way , and that is an experience I really enjoyed . To me , that is the only way someone can really enjoy visiting a new place : taking risks and exploring . It is also more expensive to travel having a touristic guide . Sometimes we save money for a long time to get a chance to travel somewhere and it is not worth it to spend a considerable amount of that money paying somebody who is going to show us the place and probably talk about relevant historical passages of that part of the world if we are able to get a book and read about the same topic and take a train or any transportation media to get wherever we want by ourselves . The best way to travel is to go without planning too much . In my opinion it is more exciting the unexpected : being in a new place , getting to talk to local people , following my own schedule without having to think about what time is it , discover places by myself and have a really fun story to remember forever .
(ARA,low) the education field has deeply changed in the past recent years new technologies have brought so many improvement in information access . students now can have access to a huge amount of information in a very easy way i believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas than to learn facts understanding concepts involves thinking which allows the student to be creative and adaptative to the the environment that is changing rapidly while learning a fact could be mistake inducing since the fact learned would be no longer true once the student understands a concept he will be free to use in various situations also when you understand something you are more likely to keep it in mind than something you have learned and that you may forget to finish i like to emphasize that when the student understands he doesn t need to learn .
(SPA,medium) Some people enjoy life and some other people do not , may because they dont want to or just they do not feel it . In my case I am young woman and in me experience I can say that for me this statement it is true , Is true because . For example , I am the older sister in my family and i can see to many things about what my father and mather that are older than me likes to do . I do many things different , of course , for the difference of age like go a party every two weeks or a concert once a week , and olso maybe go to the movies with me friends or just make noise , but what they do is not that similar , they like to stay in home reading , watching movies or news and some time spending time with the family . In some occationes I can understand this kind of behavior , and is because they are tired after woks and that , but some times even if they stay all day at home , they would do the sema things during the day . Some people thinks that each person have their own way to enjoy their own life , because it depents on the way of see the things or activities that you are doing , but for me is not in that way , i need to do things that make me feel that i am enjoying my life and the people would see and realise that IThat 's why I agree wiht this statement . I really prefer to spend my time doing things more things that older people , I think that I enjoy life more that older people or better that that
(FRE,medium) i think this statement is absolutely right . when we face it we have to realize that there are less successful people than average people . why ? the question is why one people is succesful and the other is not . because the succesful people have tried something that no one tried before or maybe ever tried but not as well as the succesful people did . This means that to be sucessful you have to try something which has never be done before or work and focus more on something than other people . For instance , why did the stars become so famous ? At the beginning a celebrity is a person like anybody else but to become famous she has to make a movie original , try something which is gonna work something special maybe somethign that nobody has made before . She or he has to be very imaginative . The risk taken will bring her or him at the top or maybe down but the risk was taken . An another example maybe more reliable. a scientist is a person who need to take huge risk to have the chance to find something to cure illness or something else . what would we have discovered if none of scientist , chirurgian and doctors took risks . The response is easy we wouldn t have discovered anything . they tried something new for the cancer research for example and took risk to find something out . It is the same stories all over again for other sectors or other professions , you can t get sucess just in doing the same things than others do . you have to have your own personality , you have to be different in a lot of ways somehow , you must take risk , you must try until you get what you want or until you suceed . in my opinion you can t be successful is your just get into the stream , you must get out of the stream and follow your own strategy , experiment new things and bet on risks . you might suceed or not but at least you would have tried .
(ARA,medium) `` Do n't jude the book by its cover '' is a common say in English to send a singal to people that they should not be decieved by whatever they see . However , it is not always true because there are other factors could be borne in mind before appraching such a behavior by a lot of companies . As far as I am concerned , I disagree with the written statement for some economical and moral reasons . Economically speaking , it is true that all of the companies nowadays think of the porfits , but they do concern about the satisfication of the customer . These compnies should put in considerationd that if they got a compalint from a cusomer , there would a possibilty of losing a lot of csutomers . Especially in countries where customers have the right to complain for the low quality of product . A s a resutl , the company would lose a lot of money because other people would be encouraqged to do so due incoorect information might be exposed on some advertiements . Therefore , the companies should think of how much money that it might loose for such a stupid behavior . They have already put a lot of money on the advertiemnet and they are not ready to loose more . Morally speaking , the companies shoudl keep a good repuation about the companies . it shoud attract a lot fof customers by making sure that thier product are up the advetisment are put on media . I believe the companies might exagaruate in nature of the advertisnemnt , but it will maintain an acceptable level of truth on the advertiement for future uses . It might be true that compnies sometimes try attract a lot of people in thier advertiments but not to deceive them . the finicail situation might result from such a bahvior could prevent the companies to think twice before taking this path . Moreover , at the end of the these compnies are led by people who human and they are driven by principles like hoensty . As it is known `` Honesty is the first policy in life . '' This is why the possibilty of deceiving or cheating for money purpose should not exist in the advertisments due to the moral aspect in people 's life .
(JPN,low) I disagree with the statement . Because the number of popullation is increasing in the world and it respect to increase more . Now , car 's consume is not raised in envioment country but in development one .
(TUR,medium) I disagree with the statement , because every age has its own oportunity to enjoy the life . Motivation should be the keyword instead of motion to understand what really lies under enjoying life . Against the undeniable power of the energy of young people older people have experiment to defeat the badly results that life carries . This can help the older people to immedietly convert the negative into positive . They only need to motivate themselves and feel confident . Enjoying life does not mean having a sportive life , a person can enjoy the life by reading , writing or just by watching and commenting about the things that take place around him . Everyone likes to watch the concept that they created before . Young people have the ability of being more healthy but they do n't have free time and money to achive the activities that they really want . However , older people have the financial power to enjoy these activities if they do n't need to spend so much phyisical effort . The enjoys can differ in different ages . The things which are very fantastic in the young hood can be very boring when you are old . Finally every age contains its own way of life and in every age the person can create some motivation to enjoy tye life .
(TUR,high) As far as I am concerned , I totally agree with the statement stating that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject . The reasons that why I think like this , are the followings : general academic knowledge within a broad range is a required item for the increasing interdependency between certain academic fields and provides the ability for the people in order to adopt the common language in the academic environment . Firstly , nowadays , academic fields begin to be very correlated with each other . For instance , I am an undergraduate student in a bioinformatic major and I am taking courses from computer science , biology , electronics and statistics . Since there begins to be believe that integrative approaches may be more successfrul from pure biological , computational and statistical approaches , lots of academicians from different fields come together , share their ideas and efforts to provide a productive effort . In my internship , I witnessed this working environment very closely in Stanford University , because we are colloborating with the Medical School as the Statistics Department . In order to understand these common approaches , I had to gain a knowledge about both medicine and statistics . Apart from this increasing connection between certain fields , there is a common language in the academicians . For the people aiming to be a academician in the future , it is a must to have a general knowledge . Since they have a lot of friends of academicians from various areas , they have to interact their colleagues in the academic environment . They must perceive even a little about what their friends are talking in their fields . They must express their ideas about various fields in an academic talk . They can obtain this ability by trying to learn about different fields . Because of the above mentioned reasons , I would prefer to have a general knowledge than specializing in a specific field .
(SPA,medium) well , i agree with the idea that is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts , i think this because when you understand something you take it for you , that is better than learn facts , if you understand the ideas they want to teach you it will be better for in the hour of the test to answer because you already have the main topic on your mind and you know what is the essential part of what you understood and learned , and in the other hand is also good if you understand the concepts they want you to learn . althoug those concepts will help you to sometimes answer and that is another way of learning . I disagree wiht the idea of learning facts because i do not think that is useful because that will be something you learn and did not understood , but for some students or people is better when they got the idea of the concepts , and for some others is better if is something clear for them , something that they have an idea of what is triying to understand , for example for me is more useful if i understand what the concepts and ideas are about and in that way i can always remember that , another example will be , like i have a friend she always learns facts , and at the hour of the test is more difficult for her , than it is for me but the thing is that i understood the ideas and concepts of what is the topic or theme about , but sometimes is better when you learn facts and that is all because you did not understood the concept or the idea of what they are triying to teach you . There are a lot of factors that make students understand ideas and concepts sometimes is eassier then learning facts .
(FRE,low) In my opinion , it is really important to figure out the main ideas and concept for students but i think that it is easier to understand its by learning fatcs . When we are listening to some examples , it can shock us more than the explanation of a theory . Indeed , facts permit to have a concret representation in our mind of what the idea means . For instance , in History class , students are more able to realize how crual is a war when they know how many people have been killed during an important fight or during the whole conflict . Thus pupils will remember easier the entire course if they have taken attention to it because of a fact that was interesting for them . Furthemore , being very attracted by a fact that you learned , you can do some researches by yourself to improve your knowledge of the principal ideas . Nevertheless , i think that the main goal for a teacher is that his students have known the important points of a lesson when they go out of the class . Indeed a person , who has well understood a theory or a subject , will manage to find some examples by herself . To conclude , i think that you can not unders
(SPA,high) The world is full of people with a wild range of different personalities , different experiences , and even more diffrent ways of seing life . Some people enjoy life more than others , but it does not depend on the age of the body . Therefore , I truly disagree with the statement that says `` Young people enjoy life more than older peolple do '' . Each age has its own magic , and in every step of our lives we learn and develop abilities that help us to enjoy the time we are living . For example , when a young child begins to communicate with his or her mother by the use of words , probably feels really proud of it , and enjoy it . The same happens when a baby starts playing with toys , or a kid learns to read . This fact can be applyed to adults when they reach their first academic degree or when they get married . Furthermore , every person has its personal way of enjoying the things he or she does , in addition to a unique form of expressing how he or she feels . For instance , two humans being can experiment the same situation at different periods of their lives , react to it in a very different way , but enjoy it similarly . Other fact that is important to have in mind is the concept of joing . It should vary from one person to another , besides the fact that a person can be having pleasure when other understands that the first one is suffering . As an illustration , I will state the imagen of a person crying , I can infer that something bad has happened to the person , nevertheless he or she can be crying of happiness . In conclusion , I believe that each person enjoys life in his or her own way , and would like to add that will be very helpful for humanity to stop looking at situations from a personal perspective and try to understand that each person lives as he or she wants and not to compare between them .
(FRE,high) The process of learning in a school environment is very complicated and involves that a student will nead to acquire many habilities , such as understanding ideas and concepts and learning facts . I believe that even if both habilities are important , understanding ideas and concepts is more essential for a student than learning facts . Understanding ideas and concepts is very important for students because it will give them methods to approach problems in other academic fileds , in the day to day life , as well as in a professionnal career once they will start one . When we talk about understanding ideas and concepts , we talk about an important learning process going on . For example , when you understand the concept of the prisoner 's dillemma once in your life , you will not forget it , because it is not purely factual , your brain has to connect concepts and ideas together in order to understand it . Moreover , you will be able to use this concept in other situations , to understand what is going on in a situation where the conditions of the prisoner 's dillema are met . On the other hand , learning facts , even if it has some importance in the learning process of a student , seams to me something highly mechanical . Memory is not perfect , and most of the facts that we learn will be forgotten at one point or another in our life anyways . However , If you forget the date when the Second World War started , or the scientific name of a bug , you can always look in a book or in a dictionary to refresh your memory . But is knowing the date when the Second World War started ( a fact ) that important compared to knowing what the Second World War is , what kind of issues where at sake , why Germany wanted to invade other countries , etc. ( concepts and ideas ) anyways ? I believe it is not . Understanding concepts and ideas is much more valuable in my opinion than simply learning facts , because it allows you to understand the meaning of something , to make your own opinion about it , and to articulate it in order to convince others that your rigth . In conclusion , even if students needs to learn facts in order to acquire a good education , more attention should be given to understanding ideas and concepts .
(HIN,high) Why does a person acquire knowledge ? I would say , so that it can be used in living a better life , and if possible making that possible for others as well . Which , then takes us to the question of which is better , a generalistic or specific . I think the answer is , a mix of both . It is really very difficult not to grow up acquiring a broad knowledge or understanding of various academic disciplines as we move up through school and college . We do end up studying different subjects and that is good as it makes us aware of a whole lot of basic information etc. about so many fields of study that have close bearings on our lives . It is also this stage that prepares us towards understanding what these various subjects deal with and consequently which we find ourselves interested in . So , some amount of broad broad knowledge is generally built in to our academics . However , specialisation in a particular subject also invariably happens at a later stage in college or university . I think that in the world we are living in , it is more and more becoming essential to specialise in a subject so that you have market for your skills in the job market . With the current levels of specialisation that the advances in science and technology has brought about in our work lives , it is nearly impossible to be very good at two things . Not only have you to chose early in life whether you want to study medicine , enginering or music but you have to decide soon enough in your chosen stream what specialisations you are interested in . If we take the example of the field of midicine , till two or three decades back , majority of the doctors start practicing as a generalist after an MBBS degree . The ones who did go for a specialisation would generally chose from being a physician or a surgeon or gynaecologist and less then a dozen other specialistions . But todays world of medicine has more than a dozen specialistions each for phisicians and surgeons . To conclude , i would say that the world today belongs majorly to a specialist and hence the importance of specialising and in fact super specialising in a subject . We however , should also realise the importance of having people with broad knowldege of things amonst us to fill in key places .
(CHI,high) With the current trend of stressing a person 's ability to understand and apply ideas in modern workplace , a dillema that whether understanding concepts is more important for students than learning facts arose . I strongly disagree with the statement as learning facts is a indispensoble process of a person 's development and should be highly emphasized . The primary reason is that the facts we learned and accumulated are the foundation to bulid up and enhance our understanding of ideas . When we were young , we had limited ability to understand the world around us . It was the facts we told by parents , media and society helped us to generate a preliminary understanding of functions and roles of materials surrounded us . Our understanding gradually developed by considering the facted we learned and applied it to the situation we face . With the more facts , we would be able to unambiguously inteprete ideas and help us to apply in real world situation . Therefore , learning facts is conducive to consolidate the foundationa and explore our capacity of comprehending concepts we encounter in later stage . Learning facts also helps to develop an appropriate cognition of ourselves in the whole community . Facts of the past and present time of various subjects and aspects of human community enable us to contruct our comprehension of our roles in society and help us to determine our career and life goals . Without sufficient information , we might narrow our scope and focus our attention on a limited facet of problems we met as well as life decisions . Learning facts broaden our horizon and enable us to explore our lives in all sorts of directions . As a nutshell , the ability of comprehending concepts would only be practicle and utilitarian in real life situations when a person has assimilated adequate facts for him to make corresponding decision . It is certainly not worthwile on stressing students ' ability to understand ideas and ingnore their needs to learn facts .
(TEL,medium) Youth are the back bone of any nation . The development of nation is in their hands . So they do lot of things which include helping to communities . As being of the same group I would like to disagree with the statement . Youth have a lot of reponsibilities in building strong nation . Though they are involved in their restless work they do spend some time for the benefits of others . The strong reason for my disagreement is they help the community with their profession also . They are hell lot of young enterpreneurs who are looking forward to help the society by providing employment . I would like to mention the charitable organisations being established by various MNC 's where lot of youth work for it . They concentrate on various basic eminities like drinking water , laying roads , conducting awareness camps , oldage homes . All these organisations are run by the youth in a fantastic way . Though they do not directly involve inthe action the are the back bones of various organisation . I would like to notify this example from my personal life , during our college days we used to dedicate 2 saturday of every month to plant trees in various communities beside our college and we were awareded for that and taking that spirit we are still continuing . The works done by youth do not attract mass media or other means as they feel it as a duty rather than reponsibility . The awareness camp conduted by youth against AIDS has been a exellent program in the history of our country . Helping to others need not require any organisation and work under it it can be a small help that you contribuited for others welfare and especially for the needy . In a nut shell , I state the being considering as a duty youth are playing a key role in improving the standards of the society by contributing quality of work without exposing to media beinga reason to supress our efforts .
(HIN,high) I agree , to a large extent , that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . But let us have a look at this phrase from a different viewpoint . Specially , the young people do not have enough time for themselves so the deal comes that where can they find time for helping the communities . These days young people tend to be busy with their other sources of entertainments , other medias of time spending etc . But these are just excuses of a sort and the real matter is that may be how busy a person is he/she can always find time to do what his/her preference is . So basically the young peoples mind have transformed to this extent that their beliefs pertaining to community helping are the lowest priority ones . For example consider the extent of this phenomena , that if there is a party or a live match of some sport , it is priority ` level one ' . And the priority level for community help/service basically never comes into picture . This is what we call as a modern world . Where people are connected through mobiles , e-mails and chats , but what is the status or problems that the first door neighbour is facing we have no idea . We would prefer asking about our friend 's health on mails and chats but when it comes to visiting them in reality there arise a lot of other problems , like time constraints and conveyance problems . So the same is the case with the young people nowadays , they would like to remain in connection with a lot of people and make friends with as many people as possible but only on chats and e-mails . But this is just the primary effect of the modern world on the youth , there are other serious effects also . The prime one of them is that the young people have lost the capability to adjust with people of all ages and cultures . They believe in only one group of friends they are living with and there is no body else they want to care about outside this group . So reluctancy on part of helping the community comes automatically as a effect of the modern world 's leisures . But is this effect a mass phenomena . In one sense yes . But not in all cases there are people in the young generations also that believe in community and social work culture . But it can be observed that this kind of people are quite rare and not commonplace . Though our culture and texts are filled with lectures on group-functioning and team-work and social upliftment but seemingly it is very distressing to see that the kind of tools that the modern world has provided to this generation are making them divulge of their own duties . But as they say that nothing is permanent and hopefully this culture will also come to an end and the people will start thinking and will soon realise the importance of helping the community since problems do not come to a community it comes to a person and the community shares it .
(TUR,medium) Everybody has different opinions and thoughts about the upcoming generation . Some people does n't think that young people give enough time to helping their communities . As a young person I agree with this statement and i think that young people can do more to help their communities . Every country is raising the childrens with different cultures , thats why I just can give opinions about my country . Nowadays , we see that most of the criminals are young people . I ca n't really say that it is all the young peoples fault . I do n't think the community is helping young people with their problems also , which makes us come to this point . If the community is not giving enough attention to the young people , they ca n't expect young people to help their community also . I know that young people are the survivors of their country . They have alot of responsibilties for the community . Most people expect them to do better stuff than they are doing now . There is a big generation gap between our parents and us . They do everything to help their community and we have to take them as a role model for us , but because of this generation gap young people just do n't think it is very interesting . I know that young people does n't help the community but we have to think this statement from a different point of view also . They are young people and they have their own problems which makes them think that it is more important then the world . I am sure that no matter which country they are from it is all same with young people . That is not fair to put the responsibilty of the community to their shoulders . I am sure that nowadays young people are going to be good adults which help their community and going to have alot of responsibilty .
(ARA,low) Nowadays , The advertisements became a cheap way to get what the compony want , most of the compony became so tickey because of the money . So they used this way to get the money but all of that i agree with this statement because of many reasons . first of all the trick the poeple by many ways , for examples a botato chips the realy large amoynt of the chips 1 leter the advertisement make it 2 leter when the person open it he false and lose the money this is one disadvanteges . the first advantiges is the money , they double the many if they make the thing much better . There is many way for this another examples bottele of juise if its tast bad they make thier shape wonderful like making it colourful . Also for paying atinntion they can but with this thing bounes like free cups . Third the butt it in hte front of the door of store to make the poeple see it even if it is not good the second is to made the company foumuos by doing alot of things , for examples put it on the T.V ( broad cast it ) that way the company well known in the city then try to broadcast it in the hole world . another reason is for the worker that work in the company . If they trik poeple the worker well get high rises and larg money . i think if the company dont paly th
(SPA,high) I disagree with the statement that is best to travel in a group led by a tour guide . When you travel with groups and guides there are only predetermined places you can go to , and also spend a precise amount of time in each activity . These are the main reasons why I prefer to travel on my own . I think that if you travel by yourself , you are not subject to a specific schedule , also you can organize yourself in a more convenient way . Sometimes you feel like staying in the hotel and rest or do something totally different than the rest of the group . Also it can happen that you do not get a great and cheerful group of people and that can contribute to some tension among travelers . Several years ago , I went to Brazil in a tour with several friends , and ofcourse , we thought that having a tour guide would be the best thing to do . Initially was o.k. , but at the end became a nightmare because we wanted to do other things that were not part of the guided tour routine . For example , we wanted to go to Buzios , a small town with amazing beaches and a lot of natural sites to visit . Unfortunately , and because the tour guide refused to take us there , we were not able to visit Buzios . Some nights we also felt like going to different and more exiting places or stay longer at others , but , we were reminded of the policies in place . Guided tours are very restrictive , and because of this and other experiences I have had in the past , I believe that traveling on your own is the best move .
(JPN,low) I agree with this statement . I do n't like alone . When I go to travel , I want to go together with my sister . And at that time , I want to use a tour guide . Because , I do n't like reserch about visite place before I go to travel . In my opinion , a group led tour is confortable for me . I can make friend in the group . I can talk a lot people . When I go to travel , I want to have new experience . To talk with member of group is good experience . Sometime happen we live same city . After travel we will meet together nearby my house . Another reason is I need help someone . I am usually lost way . If I go to travel Alone , I will be lost way . I wo n't come back hotel . I really agreey with this statement . A group led by a tour guide give me dreams that .
(ITA,medium) I agree it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects for many and different reasons . In the first i have many possibilities to speak with the other persons because the knowledge many subjects will do of me an intresting person . Moreover to study many subjects permits to me to know different persons and different things . This is very important for my future because i have many possibilities for my life , for my job , for my hobbies , etc . For my job , for example , to know different subjects is very important because ti is an intellectual job and if i will specialize in one specific subject i will not become a good architect . To specialize in one specific subject means that i am a limited person . The knowledge of many subjects is the most important thing for the growth of an individual , the intelletual 's growth , because a person can to become a bad person , while he is an intelligent person he will has n't the difficult with the social relationship . To understand my topic i have an example : my father started to work when he was a child , but when he became a man for his culture and to create the future he started to study and now he is a manager of heating sistem . Now the younger have many possibilities for to study immediately with the school , with numerous books , with the TV and with the newspapers and therefore because it do n't do it . In the end , it is very bored to study only one subject because the time do n't never walk !
(TUR,medium) I strongly believe that experiences and the knowlege come from the chances . We get more knowlege and experiences by chancing our main subjects than specializing in one specific subject . Also we would have a chance to find the subject which we really like by chancing our subject . Whether you believe it or not , different kind of subject give us more information than the same subject . This is because we have a chance to improve us in many areas . For example , if we study as a computer engineer , we would develope us in the area of art history by this method . And I believe that the fact that we take art history couses in the school make us more important engineer than the ordinary engineer since he would desing the internet sites more interesting and more exciting . Working in different subject give us a chance to find the subject which we really like . Let ' imagine a person choose a subject which he does not like very much . If he does not take the courses which is different from his major subject , he will never find the subject which he really like . On the other hand , Working in differnt subject make the people more aware about the the other things . For that reason people would see the differnt things as a hobby , not a stranger things . All in all , chances contain many advantages in terms of information and our hobbies . By studying the other subject we have a chance to undrestand what the subject we really like , and we get more informations and experiences for both our social and the professional life .
(HIN,high) As the countries of the world progress into the 21st century , the ever-increasing complexities have yet again slapped the question of time-management on the face youngsters today . However , I feel the young people of this century have responded splendidly by ensuring enough time for all activities . The youngster 's of today are vibrant , dynamic , filled with an ever-increasing enthusiam to perform , achieve , aim high but in all this they still maintain their standards and attitude towards life . Various qutodian examples of this can be citied from our society . Renowed writer and Booker prize winner Arundithi Roy is a classical example of this . She has not only helped in the cause of the ` Narmada Bacho Abhiyan ' ( for saving the river of Narmada in India from pollution etc . ) by preventing the formation of a dam that would have hampered the flora and the fauna of the region tremendously but has also added fuel to the fire by gainings wide-spread public sympathy and amenable opinion on this . The founder of ` Microsoft ' ( the No1 software firm in the world ) , Bill Gates has contributed tremendously towards various social causes like building up Cancer hospitals , adopting entrie villages after the Tsunami earthquake and promoting education at all levels . This would have definately required him to take out immense amount of time from his work and he stands as a perfect example with whom the youngsters of today relate . A very qutodian example can be cited as that of my own society 's ` Help the Needy ' organisation of which I am an active member . This voluntary organisation aims at heping not only those ( humans and animals ) who are needy but also aims at spreading similar feelings and enculcating in the youngster 's of today the very essence of helping their community . At ground levels , it can be seen that the youngster of today are striving to help their communities and society as a whole by ensuring reforms are enacted and implemented correctly . The youngsters today are intelligent and discerning and they know that by helping their communities and societies they are actually helping in making their own future better .
(KOR,medium) There are two different things which are idea and fact . Those are seems like so simular , however , it is so different . Some people think fact is truth , however in my opinion , it is not true . What is fact ? It is the thing that we believe it is true . For example , before Galileo believed Earth is one , no one believed his opinion . Facts are usually confined in one paradiam when people are belong in there . Campare with fact , idea or concept suggest people to think about different way . For example , the fact which was believed that the Earth is flat , it made people stuck on the thought . However , the idea which was believed the Earth is one , made Galileo to think about that and research about Earth . Idea makes people to have more creative ways and method about thought or solution . Idea is motivation . When we were young , we underwent that we watched animation on TV . Usaully the subject was about treaveling in the Universe . Now we read articles in newpaper that NASA succesed to reach the Moon or the other planet . These kind of ideas motivated people to estimate and reseach about something that we do not know yet . We can also feel that idea and concept are more important than fact in the classroom . Before 19C , especially during the War , school more taught about fact and physical things than idea or creative things . However , nowadays , schools are changed to teach and encourage about idea and creative method , so they make student to learn about more creative thought . We still live in industry revolution paradiam . We still leave to descover about Earth , Universe , or more about technology . Nowadays ' society is getting to change so fast , so I believe it is better to teach student more about idea which can change to our next paradaim , than fact which might not be truth no more .
(SPA,medium) In this essay I am going to explain if i agree or disagree that in twenty years will be fewer cars in use than there are today . First at all I think that nowadays there are really a lot of cars , that are making really dirty and unhealthy the world . This is due to the low prices of the cars and the increasing salarys and needs of the society . Our world just care about material things and we are forgetting that in a few years maybe we will not be able to walk in the street becasue the sun will be really unhealty for our skin . So I think that is really difficult that the number of cars decrease in twenty years , except that the state starts to work today in this problem . I think we are really selfish because we are not thinking in our future generation . So I think that the best think to do now is start to work in this . The actions that i would do to decrease the number of cars would be the following ones . First of all I would increase the public transportation , but i would also improve the conditions of the buses and i would decrease the prices of the public tranportation . Secondly I would increase the taxes of cars due that they dirty really a lot the citys and they also damage the envairoment . To conclude , I think that if the state starts to work hard to try to decrease the number of cars will be possible in twenty years that there will be fewer cars than there are today , but i think that is really difficult to reach this objective , becasue until now really a little of people care of our nature , and if we want to decrease the number of cars we will have to work really hard with the help ot the state .
(HIN,medium) In todays modern time every things are developing at a very fast pace . The youth is in the fore front . But is the youth really delivering what is expected from it ? Is it giving enough time to help its communities . Well i would be glad to say that yes the youth is delivering in this aspect also . The various youth organisations , active participation and awareness in varied strata 's os society does make me believe this . Firstly we see various youth oraganisations existing at all levels right from college level to society level and even state level . As it is rightly said the potential of tomorrow lies in the present , The current represenattion and efforts of the youth we sholud have no doubt in seeing a bright future ahead . Todays youth apart from individual intersets is seen involving in issues of communities and country . The recent controvertial issue of Reservations though must not have ended but has defiantely indicated the large awareness and unity in youth . The incredible youth participation from all over the country has indicated its strong presence . As we know youth have power both physically and mentally to bring changes and it is being tapped . We find youths entering politics which until recent was not a trend . Today we do see young individuals entering politics with a intention to improve life . Their has been realisation that youth has to have a say on bigger and imporatant issues . We have students representing countries at international level and voicing their opinions . To those who say that todays youth is only interested in Fun and personel achievements i would like to tell them that such individuals are wrongly interpreted . Youths are generally mistaken to refrain from social funtions and lost in their own friend circles . i would like to say is that youth may have its own way of contributing to community . For example a youth may prefer going for a movie or chilling out with friends in his spare time But he may not delay in coming ahead in contributing when it matters the most . There is a crucial phase in every individuals life where one has to focus on certain aspects of life . Thus when young one will always want to have a personal security first then think about others or society in particular . Thus for young people at critical stage of career may seem to limiting themselves but are defianately not making them Negligent towards communities . I believe the community does get the inputs from young people and with the various points discussed above we can have a positive and encouraging future for sure .
(SPA,low) I agree with the statement that our youth is not investing enough time to the development of theis communities . There are several reasons why . I will metion them briefly and later in the text would be find an explanation of these reasons . The main reasons for the young people not worrying about their comunities are the following : new communication media and modern paradigm . 1. The modern paradigm : As a result of the French revolution the modern era arises , an Era in which God is thought to be dead and the people fight for liberty . These new worl perspectives have their weak points . One of them wich I belive to be the most crucial one is that nowadays people think that any value is correct , that it is just diversity of thought and taht good for liberty . So the most unapealing values are seen as equally right as those that are the key to virtuosity . What im trying to show with these is that now that averything is equally why would one help tha community instead of following the most basic manifastation of selfishness and help only oneself in these path . So basicly these modern perspective of values influenced directly on the youth attitudes toward the others . 2. Comunicationmedia : these new world of technology brought to us the possiblity of a better and faster communication system but it is often manupulitated and use for the benefits of the less . And the val
(SPA,medium) In the modern capitalist life , marketing and image are becoming sort of equivalent things . The audio-visual media generate and move huge amounts of money , and what is more , in an exponential way . For example , let 's think in the TV . On one hand , TV moves loads of money so enterprises want to invert in it the more and more . On the other hand TV produce and strange decreasing effect on people 's critere and abilities to judge . So the more and more there is people who just belive in whatever they can see in a TV commercial , and what is more , if your favorite TV star is wearing this amazing product you always wanted to belong , then there is definitely no reason to doubt about the fact you have to buy that product . Unfortunately , enterprises now that , so they invert in marketing . For this reason I absolutly believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . But , what happen when the consumer realize the trick ? Well in this case , what happen it is NOTHING . When consumers realized they have been trapped by the marketing technics , they just keep the product and go to buy another one in the way they thought the first product they bought was . I think it is untolerable that this kind of things can happen . The consumer associations apparently do nothing , and when some upset consumer try to denunce the situation it is just like if you talked to a wall . So in conclusion , from my point of view the goverment should make any intervention and should promote consumer associations to let them be more effective . On the other hand people should spent time in carrying out activities to develope their judgement skills , for instance reading books and not watching TV . Unfortunately it seems that it is hard to happen . In my opinion , not only products seem much better that they really are ; it will be an incresing trend in this fact that will lead to the dicrease of the quality of products the more and more , and will make people spent money more frequently and major amounts of money each time .
(FRE,high) Some people says the successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks . On the one hand , that is true . On the other hand , successful people are also people who only do what they do the best . My point of view on that point is successful people are people who do both of these things . First , a lot of successful people are people who tried new things and concepts and also took risks . The best illustration I can take on that point is Steve Job , CEO of Apple . His company was specialized in computer science . However , he decided to take the risk of a new market : the MP3 Player market . Now , he succeedeed in imposing his Ipod as the reference in the market . Almost everybody knows what is an Ipod and wants to have one . The new marketing strategy he used is also an aspect of his success . With a good concept , new ideas , and a great part of risk , people arrived to succeed but unfortunately this is not always the case . Second , people also succeed by doing only what they know to do well . Some persons are very good in their specializations . They are even so good that they could not be replaced in a company and then access to leader roles . For instance , my father was a business engineer . He was so good in what he did that he was promoted every year until reaching the role of director of the sales . He did not have new concepts and he did not take risks too but he succeeded very well in doing what he knew to the best and I consider him as a sucessful people . Third , my point of view on the subject is the following : successful people are often people who try new things and take risks in what they do well . I am convinced that if one is specialized in a domain and try new concepts in that domain he has more chances to success . For example , the person who created ebay is a very relevant illustration . He was a computer science engineer and want to make a website for the exchange of stamps . That website became a true success and nowadays every kind of things are exchanged on ebay . If he had opened a shop , I am not sure he would have obtained so much success in his company . To conclude , I do not totally agree with the statement . Some people obtained success in trying new things and taking risks but others also reach success by doing only what they do the best .
(GER,high) I disagree with this statement because even if old people are n't healthy anymore they can do a lot of things and have as much fun as younger people have in their lifes . The first reason for my opinion is that not all old people are so weak and ill that they only can lie in bed . And even if they ca n't to sports anymore or maybe ca n't walk at all they can do other things that bring a lot of fun to them . For example they can learn something in courses especially offered for older ones or they can read amazing books or looking good films . Another reason why I think that old people can have a lot of fun is that they have much more time than young people have , because of not beeing forced to go to work eight or ten hours every day . Because of that they only have freetime , and can spend it with their family , or travel in foreign countries for example . Finally old people can have maybe even more fun than younger ones because of their increased level of experience . The long time old people have already been on earth causes they have a lot more knowlegde about how things work in life . They connected a wide range of different charakters , solved a lot of problems and so learned much about themselves . So old people know enough what kind of activities they enjoy and what kind of people they like . With that knowledge most things are easier and cause less trouble . For example a weekend trip makes more fun if you 're in a group you fit in . In conclusion experience and a lot of free time let have old people have a lot of fun , even if their ill . They just have to visit groups or courses for old people or spending their time together with friends or their family by doing things they enjoy .
(ITA,high) According to my opinion , it is not true that young people enjoy life more than old people do , rather , they enjoy it in other ways that would seem unsuitable for younger individuals . I believe that as time elapses , physical abilities worsen while intellectual abilities are enhanced , and this might be a reason why a 15 year old boy enjoys his spare time out in the yard playing soccer while his 70 year old grandfather might use the same time in front of the fireplace reading a philosophy book . It is simply that by living and going through new experiences we adjust our expectations , we realize what we want to do and what is better for us to do . The mere fact that a young boy regards as extremely boring what older people do in order to spend time and have fun , does not mean that they are actually not having fun and enjoying their lives . Of course , older people seem to be able to choose from a limited range of activities with respect to what a younger person is , but still , it does not make the point : life should be lived and enjoyed completely from birth to death . There is one little , and yet , extremely important thing that every human being needs in order to do this , and that is health . Unfortunately a lot of what affects our health cannot be directly controlled , but much can be prevented , and we should bear this in mind throughout our lives . Life , sometimes , seems to be something really fragile amd that is why we have to be more careful about it . Increasing your lifespan can be really enjoyable , many disagree on this point , but if you do not live , then you cannot even say you had a chance to enjoy your life . Older people live a different period of life than the one younger people live and this cannot be the reason why older people should be considered to enjoy life less than younger people do .
(TEL,medium) yes i do agree with the statement first reason is that the ideas are source for new inventions . if we face a problem , then we will make our minds active and starts to find out variety of solutions for the problem by doing this we will get lot of ideas and they will be more useful for us for the solution . the concepts gives us the clear vision of the problem that is the way in which it should be solved and even we can add new concepts for it with our new ideas . the ideas not only give us the solution but also a perfect meaning to the problem . every problem has a concept which is naturally made by us but when new concepts are added to the problem , then the problem can be made more easy to solve . for example if we want to solve a mathematical problem which consists of twenty steps to get a perfect answer . then we will start solving it by different methods that we get by our own ideas , here the facts will have only one solution to the problem but when we use different kinds of concepts and make different ideas we can get the solutiohn within ten steps . the students have the ability to think more fast and accurately as their vision will be always concentrated on developing new ideas and concepts rather than the facts . mainly the young students will get more ideas and variety of concepts . as the facts will be always the same and there will be no change or alterations can be made in them . the ideas will eventually increase the strenght and personality of a student . for example the scientist 's will have lot of ideas and concepts but not facts because they will invent the things by their imaginations . these imaginations are retreved from new ideas but not from the facts . the most important thing for a scientist is the concept in which he invents the things . if he goes with the facts then he cannot invent new things as the facts will give same old invents . hence the students has to give more and more importance to there new ideas and concepts . finally facts are always facts but the ideas and concepts will give more enthusiasm to work on and find new concepts . hence i strongly recommend to give more importance to ideas and concepts rather than the facts .
(GER,medium) With the rashly development of the automobile industries in the 1950's the use of cars increased exorbitantly . By the following years to date most of every household possess at least one car or sometimes more than that . After this explosive growth of applying a car the awareness of polluting and damaging the environment is also increasing . This has been happening in the 1960's when the hippie movement was on their peak . This means that up from then the people begin to think about the consequences of using a car and particulary using a car for movement for which a car is n't necessary . They also started to consider what kind of aftermath their behavior will have for their children and the children of their children . They recognize the impact of the using a car for the environment , for example they receive that the high use of pollutant like cars can be harmful for the ozon lawyer . The turnover of conduct and so the try to treat the environment more carefully can be also found in many politcial strategies or in new laws for protecting the environment . But in my opinion this changed thinking can be only found in industrialized countries like in the United states or in Germany . Most of the far east continents like Asia are the contrary . At this time they are getting through their industralizing process . There the car use will be increse for the next twenty years . Independing on this situation in asia I finally agree with the statement that in twenty years less cars will be used for the reason that some parts of the world have noticed the influences of using cars for the environment and necessitiy for acting now against the alreadz done damages . Due to this awareness the decrease of using cars will recorded in twenty years .
(JPN,medium) I agree with that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . The advertisements can make products seem more amazing and special , and it makes people want to buy the products . In addition that 's the reason for advertisements . Advertisements should make products better than real to attract people . First , the advertisement on the TV such as commercial shows can attract peoples attention . It 's directly influenced peoples desire . If people watch the cool soda 's CM in summer when they are thirty , they want to drink that kind of drinks even though they know these products are n't good for thire health . If they watch the tasty steak CM before the dinner , they want to eat steak . The visual moving advertisements have big influence to people 's disare quickly . Second , when you drive the car on the high way , you can see some advertisement bords next to the road . For example , when you go to local side , you can find the hotel or restaurant advertisement bords . It does n't have the big impact like commecial on TV , yet , it can effect your mind to think about that kind of things . It makes you think that you need it or not . Also , in most situation , you want to get it at that time because this bord made it there for exactly that people need it at this time although the situation is that no choice because of in local area . Third , if you read newspaper , you might also get some advertisement paper for seling house and new restaurants etc . It does n't pass you quckly like commercial show and advertisement bords . It can be left in your space , so you can look them later when you have time . It has some advantages . You can see that whenever , so it can be seen more than other kinds of advertisement things . It means it more effects to people 's mind . For instance , on the sunday , if mother see the new restaurant 's advertisement paper , she will ask about going to there to her hasband because ahe want to try new taste and she dose n't feel to cook today . In conclesion , the advertisements have many ways such as the CM on the TV , advertisement bords and advertisement papers . These has effective influence to people 's desire to want to get products . Unfortunatly , in many case , people felt kind of disappoint after they tried the products because before they try it , they were hoping too much . Actually , the products are n't so terrible , but because of thire too much desire and they wanted that by not big desire , they ca n't be satsfied by the products that on the advertisements . Of course , in some case , they can felt satsfied yet , it 's less than oposite situations .
(ITA,medium) I agree with this statement , but only referring a little part of advertising , in fact i think a large part of the advertises tells the truth about the good characteristic of a product . For example i can talk about the tooth paste that is presented more and more contolled by tests to grant security , or i can think about any other product that reguard our sanity and needs to be tested clinically and that advertisement demonstrate : i use a very great quantity of creams that i buy only with the granted name of a famous beauty factory , and this security in my shopping is given by advertisements that states their good proprieties , year by year . But other advertisements seems to offer a very good product that is n't so good : i think about our tv advertises , that try to capture people with all kind of words , for example by saying that product is used only by the best people , or it'is saled only for best shops , or by a very famous testimonial like the most favourite character of cinema to capture different type of target ( from teenagers to older people ) . I do n't mean all this advertisements do n't tell a true characteristic of a product , but surely it try to show the product as the best product in nowadays businness . In fact our businnes is full of products that are all the same , but are continuosly changed adding some more ingredients to make people think it 's a more suitable product , more comfortable , more capable to solve problem than the previous ( which is producted by the same factory ) . It 's a continuous increase of production to make businness move , and this is possible only with concurrential product , even if this means to show a new product that does n't differs by the previous one but that is shown to be bettert than it .
(HIN,high) I agree with the statement that young people do not spend enough time helping their communities . I believe from personal observation and experience that social service has much lesser importance amongst the youth of today than what it should ideally be having . Young people do not seem to think that community service should be an integral part of their lives . This is unfortunate , because social service has profound impact both on the individual and community levels . Social service builds personal character , promotes community spirit and develops respondibility in a person . Hence it is essential for the overall growth and development of the person . Community service is essential for a functioning society - it promotes the general well-being of the society , encourages responsibility division and delegation and greatly enhances the integration of the community . One only needs to look around to find examples of youngsters neglecting their societial duties and responsibilities . They are more busy admiring and aping transient entertainment and fashion icons . These ` icons ' of today do nothing to instill social responsibility amongst their fans . A life of hedonism is considered ` cool ' and seems to be the trend to follow for the youngsters . They do not have enough concern about the welfare of the underprivileged , or the elderly . They are unaware of pressing issues that their society faces . Even in my own community - which places immense value on giving respect to elders - I have seen young people ignore the plight of their own parents and grandparents . It is essential that the reasons for the greatly reducing sense of social responsibility amongst the youth be identified and remedial measures taken . It should be instilled amongst them that as a part of society people have duties and responsibilities which simply cannot be shirked . Parents and teachers must take care to instill the values of social service in children from and early age , and must themselves prove to be good role models . Schools must regularly provide social service and community ethics courses , and atleast a few of them could be made mandatory . In conclusion , I would like to reitierate the point that the lack of social commitment and responsibility amongst the youth is a trend that is detrimental to both the individual and society . It is imperative that proper measures be taken to reverse this trend and to make our youth more socially responsible again .
(KOR,low) I do n't think that yong people do not take care of their communities . there are three reasons to support my oppinon . When I was 16 years old I was in the school valunteer 's club in an year . At that time , I could realize that there are a lot of people who help me without thinking of money . Also I could understand why there are communities in the world . I think there are so much chancese to take that kind of experience for young student in korea . Listening radio is one of my hobby and my favorit program is ' Chin Han Chin Gu ' That means my best friend in english and most of listeners are middle or highschool students . Whenever I listened that radio program , I could heard about a moved story about our life . The MC of that program always tel the meaning of peace through the radio and that really helps me to do good things . An year ago ' www.thehungersite.com ' is produced through that program and I 'm not sure but over hundred thousands students can heard about that same as me . In that site , you can do a nice thing to hungerd children without money problem . Even young peaple do n't help their society , that 's not only young people I think . We live in a big city and there are not enough communication between our neigberhoods . I think that 's the point why the people think they live in a cold-society . In that reasons , I do n't agree with that young people do n't help their communities .
(SPA,medium) Young people enjoy life more than older people do ? . In my opinion i totally agree with this statement and there are many reasons why . One of the reasons is because i think young people have more free time for themselves to enjoy , go out with friends , go out to eat , movies , etc . Sometimes we think that being a teenager is not easy and we think that the adulthood life is better , because we do n't have to go to school and memorize all the different stuff that we need to know for a test or even a simply quiz . Young people enjoy most of the things they do , and i say this because i am a teenager . I love to go to school because i know that even thought i am at school studuying , i know that i will se my friends and talk to them . I also love to go to the movies , eat , spend time with my family and specially go to church . Young people have many fun activities to do . They have alot of free time to spend either at work , having fun or just at home watching TV . There are many things that i ca n't even think of . Most of the time young people get involve in youth groups , school clubs where they do different fun stuff in order to not only have fun , but also learn something from what they are doing . I think adulthood is totally different because i dont think older people have fun as young people do . One of the reasons is because older people are always working their butts off in order to give their family and kids all the things they need . Everyday of their lifes they are either working , or doing something about work or home . They barely have time for themselves because they are too busy doing other stuff . Some people dont have time to see each at least one time a day because they are too busy doing other stuff . I think that everyone deserves a time to spend with friends and have fun because you are not always going to be working because sometimes you get too stressed that you get sick . In my opinion is very fun to spend some quality time with your family and friends once in a while , it does n't matter if you are young or older , because i think everyone deserves some free and fun time .
(TUR,medium) MONEY Human beings live on the world for thousand years , but they all live for the same thing , to earn money . Every morning people go their jobs to earn money . Everyone has a different job suach as ; cooker , teacher , driver , ... etc . Also there are people who owns a industry . They produce different products on their industries but they all try to produce the best of it . There are also people who cheats while they are working . For example they show their products much better than they really are like some newspaper publishers . Some publishers says that our newspapers have different subjects or different aspects or topics for news , but when you buy that newspaper you see it that they are the same with other newspapers . To sell their products they lie to people to show their products much better than they really are . I disagree to this following statement because those people who are trying to earn money by showing their products seem much better than they really are cheaters , and those people are not working on equal way . I mean everyone is equal on the world and no one has a right to lie to sell more prodcuts of they produced . this is not fair . This is the reason that I disagree to the statement . Maybe the reason is those people make products seem much better than they really are to earn more money by making people buy their products but this can not be an excuse . I belive that people must not cheat or lie to earn more money , because these things can cause big problems to those people . For example if people learns that industry owners are lie to sell more prdocuts those people stop buying those products so those industry owners stop earning money .
(FRE,low) Can we imagine a day without advertisements ? Advertisements are nowaday a big part of our economy . A business plan have to be prepared with a specific policy as regard advertisement . I agree with this statement for many reasons . First , in my opinion , something advertised is presented to the population as the best one in its best presentation . it occur when we seean advertisement for foods . When you have the food in your plate , you appreciate the difference . Then , most pepole a credule . They have not the knowledge to compare or to juge the product . Principally the old person when they have to buy for example a television . Next , an other big part of the population is very influenced by advertisement . They see it , buy it thinking that is the best and seek the difference with an other different . As long as the rules do not change , the advertisement system will still edge up .
(HIN,medium) yes i agree with the topic , young people enjoy life more than older people . As far as my view is concern i would like to put some reason behind my accent to the topic . First young people are more enthusiastic , hasty , inexperienced , While elder people are well endowed with wisdom , prudent , jurisprudence and compassion etc so they are more devoted to their work rather then to enjoy life , Although they enjoy littlebit at their stage of burden of responsibilities but as compare to young people they enjoy less . Secondly , they have less opportunities to enjoy as their thight schedule doesnt allow them to have spare time for enjoyment . However , they did enjoy at the time of their sophmore because they did not have such a burden of responsiblities to maintain and dosent have the responsibility to maintain family . I would like to give example of my father who is a manager in a company , When i was toddler he taught me to take fisrt firm few steps in the path of my life and gave me good quality education by enrolling me in a good public school where i can set fort my acaedmic journey , so he has the responsiblity to give me a good carrer in path of his life by giving much attention towards me he rather by enjoying himself he gave me platform to secure me future to path of success . Also , if we look at the cut throat competion between the world there is not much enough time for elders to enjoy life Although this same holds for the younger people but they could able to manage time for their enjoyment . It is also important for younger people to enjoy because of the study burden because i believe that a healthy body can dwell into healthy mind so for the future succes they must be stress free . Enjoyment for younger i believe that it is a dose for their tired nerve and if taken this dose will soothe his tierd nerve and rejuvenate him for the upcomming responsiblities . This will allow him for greater success throughout the life as the elder have cross such limit they have no more spare time to do such enjoyment . They have attended the proper opportunity of enjoyment at their time of development . Well i feel that as any human being has not such a skill since from his brith he has to develop those skills gradually and through the amusement of life . So for human being at every walk of life there is some state that has to face him through his knownledge and skill must
(HIN,high) I would most certainly disagree with the statement that , young people of today do not give enough time to helping their communities . At first sight , it might appear so because of their comaprison with youth of previous generations . But the new problems have arisen and if examples of these are considered , the vision of the youth to helping and building their communities is clear and direct . The youth of today are marching forward in the realms of technical development and innovation but at the same time , not shying away from their responsibilities towards their community . Working in the role of a software engineer in the growing IT industry , along with my team at work , I have organised and participated in blood camp drives . We have also participated in sessions to spread awareness for the need of preservation of wildlife . We actively focus on issues at the local community level and try to bring them to the notice of the municipal administration . The youth has also been actively involved in issues of preservation of cultures . Oragnisation of festivals and celebrating them with full enthusiasm is easily visible with the media attention it attracts along with the steadily increasing participation . Tradition is what binds a community together and the youth has held onto this thread of distinctiveness . The world today today has moved from a set of local communities to a global village . The biggest threat to the entire world arises from the spread of HIV/AIDS . This generation has been completely receptive and also taken responsibility to eradicate this threat from the face of the earth . By spreading education about the reasons of its uncontrolled growth , the youth has shared responsibility with governments from world over , who have provided funds for the same . By fighting this as a world community , we will be able to eliminate this disease . The commitment and time by young people nowadays towards helping their communities has not dipped . The youth understands the responsibility laid down on its shoulders and promises not to disappoint anyone .
(CHI,medium) Nowadays , it 's becoming more and more popular for ordinary people to travel all around their country even all over the world . And mostly they would deem that it would have more freedom and be more convenient for them to travel alone . However , i would prefer travelling in a group led by a tour guide . I will demonstrate its more advantage through laying out the following conspicuous reasons . First , from the aspect of economics , it will save more money to be with a group . As we know , the travel agent gets more information than us because they specilize in this field . This information includes searching for more econimic hotels and booking more cheap plane tickets and so on . Meanwhile , if you travel alone or just with your family , friends , it definitely cost more than this . So it 's more advisable to travel in a group . Secondly , the tour guide will introduce much about the places of interest you are visiting , and this will save you much of your precious time . Because you need to get some information about the place you 'll tour through searching online or buying some introduction books about it . Undoubtedly , it takes up much of your limited time while you 're busy with your job before vocation . So , which way do you choose considering the factor of time ? Thirdly , the travel organization will make a wisel and feasible schedule for you during the tour . And this will make full use of all the resaurse . In conclusion , throug the reasons rendered above
(TUR,high) If we happen to consider this issue from an academical point of view , it seems plausible to exemplify it in a classroom environment . Say , we have two classes , Class A and Class B. The kind of education based on facts and the kind of education based on understanding and concept being followed in each , respectively . And let 's compare these two environments and the students in each , in terms of motivation , creativity and success . Firstly focusing on motivation , let 's consider the eve of a certain class . Knowing that a certain subject will be covered the next day , and relying on that they will have a resource , here this resource being the teacher , citing the mere facts about that subject , the students in Class A wo n't see it necessary to learn that certain thing in advance . While on the other hand , the students in Class B will try to learn that same certain subject in advance , do some research and go to school as prepared as they can be to contribute to the discussions and ideas floating throughout the class . Secondly , in terms of creativity , the students in Class B will outdo their counterparts in Class A , as well . While trying to learn the subject in advance , being motivated as explained in the paragraph above , they will resort to different resources . Class A students benefiting from a single resource , will nearly be transformed into birds of a feather , thinking paralelly , while Class B students will come to the class being affected from different points of view on the same subject . And that same day so happens to be prone to create new ideas . Thirdly and finally , well nourished with novelty caused by inspiration , Class B students will try to outdo one another and easily reach success . While on the other hand Class A students will be noshing on facts that have already been achieved by some elderly folks before them .
(HIN,medium) I do n't agree with this statement that `` there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' . In today 's fast life , as no one has time even for breakfast , and time for more competetion and hurry has come for everyone . I think there will be more need of cars in coming next twenty years , because life will become more advance than today . First , People use car for going different places such as schools , colleges , work places or any other place such as going for a trip with family or friends . Going on a trip with family or friends is not possbile without car , we will not enjoy if we will not go by car . If we will go by train or any other way , I think we will not enjoy our trip more . This prove that use of car can not be stop , and it will become more and more in the coming years . And one important thing is that people are going towards luxourious life more in coming years . Second , as competition is growing more and more between peoples of the same or different organization , they need to manage their time fastly and effectively so , they use cars and use of car can not be stop in the coming years . In a daily routine Business people , Job workers , self employed everyone needs a personal car so that they can use that on their personal level . In morning they go to their office , from office to their mettings at different places and then again return to home at late nights . These all is not possible without the use of car . Overall , I think that as long as life will go on the use of car will go on on and in the coming years its use will become more .
(FRE,medium) Nowadays , most of young people do n't know what misery is . I 'm talking about country like France , USA or Germany , and so on . Country that are rich . When you have evrything you need , you can not imagine that you could help people who will love to have your help . I agree that nowadays , young people do not give enough time to helping their comminuties . But this is not true only for young people . Nowadays , in our society , everyone think about him before someone else . It 's called ` selfish ' . And i definitivelly can not agree with this because even if we have the chance to leave in a ritch country , poorety exist . Young people and also adults have to pay attention to their community . But if we want young people to help , adults have to show the example . We must have bunch of people who help each other because this is so much easier to live this way . First , when you help someone , you bring him so much happiness that he will feel much better quicly , and you give yourself a good satisfaction by doing it . But the man , or woman you did help will do it for someone else . And this other person for another , and so on . By the way , if you think about this , by helping each other , this is all the society who will feel better , and if there are more people doing this , after a while , less people will need help . I know it 's not possible to solve enyone problem , but it 's a dream who can become true . There are 6 billon people on Earth , so is it better to have 6 billion people who do n't care except thereself , ot is it better to have 6 billions people who are a crew . I will finish like this . Even if it 's look like enoying to help someone , what you feel inside by doing that is the best reward you can ever have . Young people need to mouve and care for their community , because without a community , human is nothing .
(TEL,medium) I agree the following statement `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialise in one specific subject '' .because for several reasons one reason will be a the student will know many subjects in different areas . Because he may helpful for these subjects in future instead of learning in one subject . for the future he wants to know every section , so for practising he will learn the as many subjects as possible . The another reason for this will be a some students should have more talent and hard work to learn more subjects in different areas like languages and know the different traditions and cultures , for such type of students it will be a very useful the learn more subjects . For learning one subject and known fully about such subject is useful in such subject in certain conditions , but the several conditions it will not useful for the people . so learn more is better than learn less , the people known about many skills will have a good compare to the others . The main reason for the learning more subjects than the one specific subject will be a , the opportunities of the society in now conditions will be high to the knowledge in several areas . the people should know the subjects clearly and understandble them , then only he has a opportunities . learning different subjects in a same time will also be a good skill and it will useful in future life for learning new objects fastly . the reason should a man capable of understanding different areas at a time then will be a good communicator in several ways . The knowledgw of many academic subjects will be the good aspect for every one , so as iam considering learning more subjects is helpful compare to the learning one subject .
(TEL,high) Cars are the main means of transport these days in many parts of the world . But I do not think that this would be a case in twenty years from now . Many reasons can be stated in support of this thesis . The first reason is that the cost of fuel is growing at an alarming rate as the petroleum reserves are becoming scarce . Also there is no alternative to petroleum which is environmental friendly and economical . This will surely reduce the dependence of middle class on cars . The second reason is that today 's cities are growing at a rapid pace due to the migration of villagers to the cities in search of better work and living conditions and also due to industrialization . This will increase the time taken to travel to work and other places . Also there are traffic jams which can further increase the time . So people may prefer public transport like the rapid transit system which is cheap and fast . This will also help in the government in generating more money which it can spend for other useful purposes . The third reason is that there may be a new invention which can transport people quickly and comfortably . No type of transport was constantly used from the time of early man . From horses to automobiles man has come a long way in inventing new types of transport . After such an invention the car might become a museum exhibit like the horse drawn cabins of the past . All these points can considerably bring down the number of cars runing on the roads . Finding out new forms of energy which are both renewable and environmental friendly should be an important concern of today 's governments .
(ARA,high) Young people enjoy life more than older poeple do . Although most young people in Kuwait are always being controled by their parents they still have an amazing time being young . Being young means feeling health and happy . Older people have never ending worries . In a young person 's life friends may always be the main factor . Young people in Kuwait live their lives to the fullest . They live happily always and do not care about the worries that come in their way . They always seem to have the right solution by using help from people they trust like a member of their family or a friend that is considered a sister or brother . They make their own lives and choose their own happiness for them to continue living happy and healthy . Young people in Kuwait are usually from ages 14 up to the age of 30 . That is the time when the girl or boy is neither married nor having large responsibilities in life . They depend on their parents in every matter . At this age its most likely to see youngsters always being with their friends and having fun in malls or in beach houses hanging out . They always can get stress out of their minds by geting together with people they love and feel comfortable with , while older people ca n't get stress away that easy . Its really rare seeing young people with family at this time of age . Being an old person such as a parent or even an old bachelor is hard . Having many resposibilties to carry around and worry about is one of the reasons an old person would wish to be young . Having children that are always on the parent 's mind and especially a trouble maker is not what people could call enjoying life . Also an old bachelor with many business or work to do can have a hard life . Older people are not as happy as young ones , but they still can be happy . Young people really do have a happy life but once they grow up they do wish to be young again . Most youngsters are always happy and they do not carry around huge lumps of stress , except if that person likes to have stress on his/her mind , which is sometimes common . Enjoying life as a kid makes it easier to hate life as an older person .
(GER,medium) Today it looks like more and more people try to stay young . But why is staying young so attractive for many people ? Do young people have more fun ? In our days it seems to be a trend to stay young . The media supports this thinking a lot by its comercial . Many people today are influenced by TV and radio and follow this trend to stay young . To look as good as all the people on TV , many people bye products that are represented by the media . They by creams or go to the gym in order to look better . Following the media that much is a big problem today because many people think that by staying young they are more attractive to other people . In addition , many people think that they can have more fun if they stay young . In my oppinion this is a big mistake . Young people do not have more fun than older people . Having fun depends on a person itself . People can have fun in every stage of their life . It just depends on themselves and what they do . There are many adolescence who do not have a lot of fun because this stage of life can be a very difficult one fore many young people . It is the time where the body changes a lot . Young people have to deal with this changement . During this period of time many young people have problems with their friends and families . This underlines that being young is not allways the best time for everybody . In conclusion we can not generalize when people have the most fun of their live . That depends on the people themselves and what kind of life they lead . Fore some people the statement `` Young poeple enjoy life mire than older people do '' is truth and for other people it is wrong . It is important that people do not try to follow the media as much . Because looking younger does not make anybody more happy .
(GER,high) I deeply agree to the statement that advertisements make products seem better than they actually are . In fact , I believe that many products would hardly be bought at all if people only knew the product itself and not the advertisement that goes along with it . My opinion on this has been influenced by experience and by academic studies , and I would like to state several reasons for my answer . First of all , the psychological mechanisms behind advertisments are rather obvious . It is easy to see that a galopping horse and a handsome man have not much in common with the taste of a cigarette , but the positive feelings created by the descibed image do influence a persons feelings towards the advertised brand . This can be explained psychologically and physiologically , and I am sure that studying Psychology has helped me understand the underlying principles better . The advertisement industry is a huge and powerful one and the quality of an adverts thoroughly influences the selling numbers of a product . In one lecture on the psychology of advertisements I heard about certain techniques that are employed by advertisers which have only deepened my opinion on advertisements . An example of the fakeness of the presented product is the fact that the thickly streaming milk one can see in an advertisement for cornflakes is as tasteless as the flakes themselves : the milk is actually glue and the flakes are made of plastic . I am convinced that most advertising companies employ similar techniques to make the products seem supernatural and generally better than they are . It is unlikely that a company could still compete with others if they simply stated that their product was good . It seems like a good idea to have certain regulations in advertising . These do already exist and it seems almost necessary to protect consumers from being lured into purchasing a product that only seems attractive because of the idea sold along with it . It makes sense that a producer wants his product to shine in the best light . However , I think that the techniques being used in advertising these days go far beyond what one could call a realistic image of a product . Therefore , I can only agree to the statement given .
(TUR,low) It 's the nature of people to produce new ideas and people grow their ideas with their academical studies , make them more stabil by digging ino the subject . The more people learn , the more they produce , the more they invent . Ages before many people had an avarage knowledge and an avarage idea and solution productivity . About 100 years ago all doctors has taken care of any kinds of illness ' or injuries but today when your heartbet ghanges routine you see a cardiologist or if you have some problems with your kidneys you see a prof of its . all bcouse that one is the specialist on the subject . All of the inventions and discoveries were made by the professionals of the subject . By the end of the Second World War USA dropped the first atom bomb made by Einstein , not an ordinary physics graduate or a teacher . He was also the specialist in his studies , of course . Consequently people spcializing in their subject is a necessity for the public . Each individual may need some
(TUR,medium) i am completely agree with the idea that older people enjoy life less than the younger ones do . actually i reached that idea as i grow up and as i thought about my early and middle childhood . because while considering my life most of the tome i notice that i was enjoying life more than i do know because of several reasons . to begin with , the younger you are the less responsibility you have , in my opinion that is the first reason behind the fact that as people get older they enjoy life less . for instance i am a collage student now and i have lots of tasks to be carried out . for instance , i have lots of exams to study , lots of homework to do , lost of money to earn for making my life and etc. however when i was younger everything was easier than the present . my parents were doing most of the tgings for me and lots of time i had to enjoy life . secondly , i think as people get older there is less things that arouse excitement and enjoyment in people 's life . again when i have a look at my early years there was much to discover , learn and evetually excite about . for instance ` which university i will be in the future ' was one of the most important question that made my mind busy and kept me excited about the life . however as time passed i was the at the university that i desired and worked hard for , however there was nothing to be excited for anymore , everything was so clear that i have n't thought about it again . i mean that as people discovered new things very a few remain in the rest of the life and that cause people to enjoy life less . finally , i think as people get older their energy also decreases and that finally causes them to avoid some enjoyable activities . for instance the concerts , the long trips and bunge jumping , beach parties , rock climbing and so on , become some of the activities which the older people reluctatant to join because of their lack of energy .
(FRE,medium) It has been well-established that successful people want to push their limits to the maximum and feel more and more sensations . I will develop and explain why I believed in this statement by using two main reasons illustrated by examples . The first reason is the money and the second one is the popularity . It is widespread that success goes with money . Successful people evidently are one of the part of the society where there is the less problems with money . Indeed , some of them ( without thinking ` most of them ' ) become disgusted to have what they want , to do everything they want , to own , to buy , to offer , to live what they want to . That is the first reason why this people try new things and take risks . They own lots of things so they want always more and the only way for them to feel alive is to push their limits . It is to be out of bound , to show to everybody that they can easily do what they want , more than buy what they want . By knowing and understanding this way of thinking , it permits me to go on the second reason why they are acting as extremely as a professional skateboarder , surfer , snowboarder or others extreme sports . It is due to their popularity . Besides being able to buy anything they want , they are proud of their ego and of the fact that unknown people loves them . Even though they are successful , they are also conscious on the effects they have on others who do not succeed . And they use it to prove to everyone that they can be more than someone who succeed . So they try new things and take unconscious risks to confirm that anyway they are a part of people they definetely succeed . I would like to conclude that I understand them . I do not mean I feel successful but except money and popularity I love feeling me alive by looking for new sensations , taking risks ( always under laws and rules , of course ) and prove to myself that I can do ` extra-things ' like no one else .
(CHI,medium) Do young people not give enough time to helping the communities they belong ? I think young people pays a lot of time to their own communities . Moreover , they has a healthy mind than others . First of all , teenagers have more time to do something helping the communities . I think that adult works all day and maybe they do n't have many times to help other because they are too tired . In my school , there are many vulenteers help the old men who has no sons and daughters . One of my friends go to the old men 's home and cooks lunch and dinner for them everyday and read the books and newspaper for them if she has free time . In addition , young people 's power is always stronger than others ' and they are tenacity . As the proverb says , a healthy body brees a healthy mind . For example , about two months ago , there was a terrible cat-abuse news on TV . The bad guy bit the little kitty on his home 's window side and put the picture on the website . At the time , a lot of teenagers found every apartment all over the country which has the white window looks like the picture on the blog . Finally , some young people found the bedman 's house and saved ten kitties . Because the young people has a healthy body that who can fight and conflict to the man who abused cat and help the news be know by many people . To sum up , the teenagers help their own communities more than others .
(KOR,medium) Someone thinks that a concentrated knowlege is better than a broad knowlege of various fields . However , it is so arguable issue because both cases have advantages and disadvantages . However , I strongly believe that people should have a specialized subject for the following reasons . Fist of all , we should have a special skill or knowledge for getting a job . when I was an high school student , my uncle lived in my home . He was a gentlmen for my life . However , he could not get a job because he had no specific skills and knowledges . When he was an university student , his overrall grade was almost B - . He told me that people should have a specific knowledge in intereting field . He regreted his university life . However , he had broad knowlege of many academic subject such as physics , chemistry , art , music , and so on . At that time , I feel that I want to get a special skill or knowlege for my success . Secondly , all subjects are becoming more deeply . One hundred years ago , we do not know the special relativity . At the time , few physicists understood the speical relativity . However , I am a high school student in Korea . I learned the special relativity in physics class . I heard that one or two thousand paper are published in a day in physics . Espeically , all sciences are rapidly and deeply developed day by day . Therefore , we should concentrate one or two subjects for researching . Another example is that we cannot learn everything . Although people should have a broad knowlege of many academic field , it is less than one percent of whole knowledge in the universe . In the view point , it is better to specialize in one subject than to learn various knowledge of many academic fields . In conclusion . I strongly assert that people should concentrate on a special subject . First , we need a special skill or knowldege for a gob . Second many fields of academic subject are becoming deeply . To overcome this situation , we should study a special subject becasue recent knowledge should be a old one .
(FRE,medium) Over the last decades education has played an increasing role in people 's lives . Indeed as long as education influences the future job one will have and , which will itself influence the social class one will belong to . Therefore people are more and more concerned by the studies they will make . One the one hand some hesitate to specialize in one specefic subject whereas other think that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academics . We will tackle this subject by seeing what would be the advantages and the drawbacks of having a broad knowledge and the specializing in one subject . First of all let 's deal with the advantages and the drazbacks of a broad knowledge . Broad knowledge of many academics enables one to have a good general knowledge . Indeed people are able to tackle about with a variety if topics , they do not have to cling to a specific topic whereas people who who specialize in one specific subject . On the other hand it can be dangerous sometimes to have a broad knowledge for people might know a lot of things but only superficial things . therefore they may have studied many academics but in the end they only have scarcely notions on them . And it is in that way that one can say that broad knowledge of many academics can sometimes be pointless . nevertheless the same issues occur for the specializing in one specefic subject . indeed studing one specific topic can seem pointless for one will only be good in one thing . but sometimes it is better to master a topic than nothing at all as e noticed previously .
(KOR,medium) I think young people enjoy life more than older people do . Young people is younger than old people and I think young people are teenagers to about 20 year-old-people . Teenagers have very healthy bodies . So they can go many different places . If they have many trips , and camp , they will experience many precious memories . Maybe they will experience with their friends and families . Also they can make freinds in the camps . But old people ca n't do that . They are maybe 50 to 70 year-old-people . So most old people have some disease in their knees and shoulders . Their healthy also very bad . Some old people also do n't have friends except their neighborhood . If he or she is very healthy , they do n't have much money . They ca n't go trips for other countries . Young people have lots of dreams . So they can enjoy their life . They can be singer , teacher , doctor , and actor ( actress ) . They will try their best . It is very important . Dream is make people alive . In the world , every teenagers have dream , and they make their ways . However , most old people do n't have dreams . Some pool old people is waiting only death . They are so pity . If they have dreams and hope , they can heal their diseases . I believe it . If someone does n't have any goals or dreams , he will be fail and pool . I also have dreams , I will be oriental doctor , because in the chaina , some doctor revive a man by his oriental medicine . I think it will have dreams to revive man . Old people can enjoy their life , too . But it is less than young people . Young peopl can have many memories , healthy bodies , and friends . Also they have lots of dreams . So I think Young people can enjoy life more than older people do .
(GER,medium) This is a very difficult question which can not be answered in one strict way . In my opinion there is no general right or no to answer this question , it depends on the situation . To answer this question it is important to see it from different points . On one hand it is good to have a broad knowledge of different academic subjects . For undergraduates its better to have a main idea about different topics to see what they are interested in . Without this knowledge it is impossible to decide which subjects you want to take in the further studies . But not only for the academic career a wide range of knowledge is important . To understand connections between different subjects or to understand social problems it is necessary to have an general idea about several academic points . There is one more point in favour of a broad knowlege I want to mention . If your academic subject you are an expert in , is no longer something which is important to work at , maybe because computers can do all these things instead of human beeings , than you have to watch for a new job in a different field of work . In this situation experiences in different subjects will be a great advantage . On the other hand , as an graduate student you need very specific knowledge about one subject . If not , about what will you write your final exams ? For which job advertisements will you apply ? Both are impossible things without a good knowledge about a specific topic . In nearly every exam during your studies , except you are studying something really general , you need specific and deep knowledge about one topic . All in all I would say it is important to have both , general knowledge in different academic subjects and special knowlege in one subject . There is one thing we should ever think about when we discuss this question . You can not get deep knowlege in a subject before having a general idea about it .
(TUR,medium) Today , the new generation is not as sensitive as their parents . They hid after their childhood and escape from the responsibilities . I agree for the statement . Young people do not give time to help to other people . I guess this situation comes because of only one thing . `` Technology Improvement '' . Technology refers so many areas . Television , advertisements , music , i-pods , games and of course computers and chatting . Young people prefer watching TV or playing a computer game to giving time to help their communities . They all friends do this as well . They spend so much time at their rooms and do not talk to theis parents as well . In school theis conversations with their friends are not about the community . In spite of the problems they share only the games and their online communications skills . Internet is now widespread . It makes the distance closer . The young people find friends from other countries . They improve their foreign languages and they learnt the culture of the countries . They like chatting to unknown friends . On my opinion , the young people are not guilty but their parents . Parents should be a leader for their children . They can coordinate and organize the times to play , to study or to meet the helpless people . Sensitivity begins in childhood . Sensitivity is teached only by parents ; not by teachers or friends . They can learn their children that the life consists of not only the music , friends , TV or chatting but also people , trees , ecology , and the world they ca n't imagine . Technology is a great strength and opportinity but its necessary to learn how to use it . Be sensitive and be awere of the community . Spend time for them .
(CHI,low) Nowadays , people have alot of opptunity to learn more than before . We learnt broad knowledge from school , socity and so on . Are we need board knowledge of many academic subjects . Absoulutaly , the answer is yes . The more knowledge people learnt , the more advantages of our socity . For example , Nowadays our conversation contains more and more knowledge which became boarder than before . We must learnt more from anywhere so that we can talked with others . Another example , When a person knew everything in a conversation , he must be admired by any other people , It makes him have more atractive . Of couse , Specialized in one specific subject is also impotant . we worked in different subjects . We need to earn by ourselves by our skills , what is the skills -- speciallized in one specific subject . For example , Yuan Long Ping , a famous sentists in china . He is worked on argrucature , beacuse of those people , we were always progess , The people Life were more and more better . One who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is more usful than to specialize in one specific subject.a person who have conpoand knowledge is more popular in workplace , beacuse more studies in compand ways . Nowadays , A person who have broad knowledge is more usful .
(SPA,high) The statement of how successful are the people that try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well is an interesting one and many times is also a controversial one . On one hand there are those that try new things and take risks . For example , there are those that are willing to put all their lives savings into a new business . Others that , after 20 years decide to start a new career or even go back to school . Nobody knows what the future holds . It is uncertain . Some people are broke one day and rich the next . A new tv show called Deal or no Deal is a great example of how within seconds your decision might change your life for the good or for the bad . The show invites contestants to win up to a million dollars , and by within 10 to 15 they need to say if they want to accept the deal that the show offers or continue opening briefcases until they find their million . The key is that your briefcase might have 1 million as well as it could only have 1 penny . You decide how much you want to risk . Donald Trump is another example . It is publicly known that he lost a lot of his fortune years ago . To get to where he is now , he certainly took risks that paid off . Other people , like the CEO of Starbucks saw an opportunity to try something new and presently , his company is the # 1 coffee company in the world . There are many factors to be taken into consideration when taking risks , because the size of the risk may vary depending on the decisons made through considering those factors . Do I want to risk my 2 years savings for a trip to Spain or do I want to use my kids college fund to start up my business ? One the other hand there are those that only do what they already know how to do well . We all know people like that or we might even be like that . It is a preference , a choice and many times a personality trait . People that are content with the fact that they wo n't go through that moment , day , hour or minute in life when they will hold their breath to wait to have gotten what they were looking for when we risked something , because most times , if not all , things that we risk are of value for us and many times , to those around us . In conclusion , I believe balance and most importantly passion are key for success . I have personaly taken risks in my live , and believe that without having taken them I would n't have achieved personal and mostly professional goals that I always wanted to achieve . In terms of balancing , how about taking the risk of opening a business of something I know how to do well or at least feel passion about ?
(KOR,medium) I agree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . The first reason why I think the number of cars are decreasing is that oil price are increasing sharply . Researchers are saying that the fossile resources such as coal , oil , natural gas are being depleted every year . Moreover , the economy of China is booming up since late of 90's , and oil demands are sharply increased because China buys considerable amount of oil all over the world . If oil becomes expensive , people do n't drive a car and instead they try to use public transportation . Therefore , high oil price results in fall of demanding cars , and these kind of trends becomes general , the number of cars are decreasing . The second reason is that more countries are concerned about enviromental problem and believe that cars produces some harard meterials . Environment problem has been issued by internation society such as UN and international enviroment organiztion such as WTO . Therefore some government would lead to make the number of cars decrease and it would affect to the number of cars . The research of substitue resource would lead to the same result . As far as I know , subsitite resource that appied to modern transportation is only electricity . Nuclear is too dangerous to use for transportation and the other resources is still on going research . By the way , if electicity resource for individual tranportation is used in daily life , that means people can not afford to pay oil price and car battery would be used . But it is very uncomfortable to charge and dangerous to use when someone is lost his way and battery 's out . People would not use battery car and they would rather use public transportation . If there is no innovative invent of substitute resource , the number of cars will be decreasing . There are some other reasons of fewer cars using such as decreasing of population , government restiction to use oil , lack of social infrastructures and so on . However , the most imporatant reason is the fact that our fossile reasources are depleting , and we should prepare for that next a few decades .
(HIN,high) The main purpose of advertisements is to attract potential customers . Hence they are made in a way that makes the product seem much better than the product actually is . Advertisements use different ways to make the product very attractive . They tend to deceive us in some ways . They also usually highlight only those features that are very appealing to people . Advertisements are made to market a product and increase its sales . The main aim of advertisement is to make the product look very suitable to its potential buyers . For this , the product must look really attractive . Sometimes , to achieve this fake objects are used . For example , the bright red strawberry pieces in the advertisement of a cereal may not actually be the real strawberry . It may be just brightly painted plastic pieces . When the advertisement looks very appealing , people get interested in it . No one would want to buy something that looks dull , uninteresting . Children are specially influenced by the advertisements . In the advertisements , the toys appear so real and much better than they actually are . For example , the spiderman toy seems to jump , fly and save the planet from the bad people . In reality , it is the child actor who is holding the toy , who is making it do wonderful things . But to the child who is watching the advertisement , it seems as if the toy is doing things on its own . So advertisements do deceive us in some way which we fail to recognise when we are watching them . Advertisements usually focus on only those features that are very appealing . For example , when you see an advertisement on phone services , you will see a list of features like high quality service , great rates , etc. in bold letters . What you may miss out is , something in small letters that says , `` Conditions may apply '' . Advertisements tend not to highlight hidden costs or factors that may scare away the potential customer . Advertisements are made to sell the product and for that they do make the product seem much better than what it actually is .
(TUR,low) the centurytha we live in changes and grows day by day . tecnological products such as cars also going to a different direction ; every day a new tech pumps in our lifes and we try to cath up the new comings . its hard to say the amount of the cars in twenty years but sure believe that our needs will go to a different directiothan know . nowadays people are showing to much energy to make sosiety to understand thah we have to protect the futere to do that we haveto keep clean our envirement . in a real sence we can say that cars are very efected on polluting air . while helping us to get somewhere also helping the others not to be able to go . one of the most important problem is accidents for sure everyday millions of people dies jus because of the drivers not being carefull as a matter affect i do believe that there will be less cars in twenty years but this will happen just for one reasen that we will use somethink else . man kind will invent a new device to help us to transport we have to go so something should carrey us after this point more we develope more distruction will apeear . before we all change the world hope to find someway to protect it firs . if the population keeps on raising this fast there will be more cars than now . in addition to all the thouths we can clearly say that something will be less in the future but i am not sure that it is going to be the cars . whit right technology and right purpese we can create anything we want . that should be the difference between us and animals maybe in twenty yeaars they can also learn how to drive a car but then it would made us same and we wouldnt want that happen
(TUR,high) I believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . It follows that , learning the facts is ineffective for the student as the memorized facts would easily be forgotten . However , students will not forget what they learn if they understand the ideas or concepts . Now I shall state the benefits of understanding ideas and concepts rather than facts . Firstly , a student should try to understand the idea beneath a certain fact in order to remember how that idea works and leads to that fact . What I mean by this is that , if a student learns the reasons-concepts of a fact it will be much easier for him to use that knowledge in the future as he can use the concepts to reach to the fact . Secondly , learning concepts makes it easier for a student to see the whole picture or in other words to look in a broader perspective . It follows that , learning through a systematic path will be more usefull for the student as through generalization and specialization students may learn better . For instance , when I was in high school I was not able to memorize the mathematical facts such as theorems but then I found it more easy to learn these theorems through learning certain concepts and ideas that are related to those facts . Furthermore , learning the concepts and ideas appear to be more important as the facts will not be used in daily life situations . What I mean by this is that as people do need to cope with the problems of life by themselves , it will be more reasonable to teach them the ideas and concepts in order to provide them a model by dealing with their problems . It follows that , facts do not make students clever although they make them wise . However , the ideas and concepts can make the students clever if they try to adopt these in their lives . To sum up , learning the concepts and ideas appear to be more important as they provide a long-lasting and effective learning . Therefore , instead of learning facts students should try to learn the ideas and concepts as they can remember these in the future and use them for acquiring the facts they need . Last but not least , systematical learning is the key to achieve success so learning ideas and concepts provide this systematical learning .
(ARA,medium) I 'm going to have to agree with that statement with most cases around the globe , but the attention that young people give to their communities relies mostly on their culture . In the western world , in countries in Europe and North America mostly , the notions of `` duty '' and `` honor '' have almost entirely disapeared from young peoples consciences , parents are not teaching their children to love and defend the communites they 've grow in and there is no mistery about why young people don'y contribute much time , that when children are going to turn into teenagers , then young adults they wo n't give much about what happens in their community . Today `` community service '' in the west is a form of punishment for the minors who draw on walls , sell drugs , steel or commit other violations of the law . Take for an example the number of young people who would go to a rap a concert where they are encouraged to consume drugs and told to sleep with prostitutes , and compare that number to that of the young volounteers who wanted to help the Catrina or 9/11 victims for example . In other parts of the world , or in `` the third world '' as the Westerns call them , young people still care about their comunities and countries much more to dirty music , we can see a much diffrent atmosphere . Take the last war Israel waged on Lebanon and the countless young men and women who volounteered to help the Red Cross or other humanitarian organisations in order to help the civilian victims who might 've survived the israeli raids . When you see young ones still helpingthat much their comunities , you ca n't say that every where young people do not give enough time to help their communities . To conclude , we can say that wether the young ones help their communities enough or not depends primarily on the culture of the concerned country or community .
(SPA,high) The best way to explore a city or a hole country is with a good group of people and an excelent tour guide . City knowledge , fun and respect are well related with this statement . When you first travel to a new country it is important to find someone that can take you to the places that you can not miss in your trip . Eventhough you can get some knowledge from books and Internet about the cities and important places , tour guides give you the exact information you need to know such as theorical facts but also myths , leyends and beliefs , which many times are more interesting and not found in books . Besides city knowledge , traveling with a goup of people is a very interesting activity because you get to know new persons with different characteristics which help you understand different cultures , attitudes and ways of thinking . For example , the first time I traveled to Europe I did it with a big group of people , although they were all mexicans I realized there are a lot of different customes in my own country . It was a great experience because it encouraged new friendships . Finally , respect is a value well-related with this kind of trips . Time is an important aspect . A lot of times we do not think about people 's time , but in this kind of trip everyone depends in the other so punctuallity is a very important topic . There I understood an excellent frase from an argentian economist named David Konsevic : `` Never take people 's time , when you do this you are taking part of their lives '' . Not only time but also respect for people 's beliefs and customes which in many cases are different from ours and some times hard to understand . In conclusion , by experience I can support the statement which mentions that traveling with a group led by a tour guide is best way to do this activity because of better city knowledge , fun and learning to respect people 's time and beliefs .
(ITA,low) Yes . For example this it 's possible to observ this question in a TV spots . We all days watch TV and so a lot of spots . The object or the produtc of spot is showed always like a magic thing . This is valued from a home product to a healt product . Sometimes we see , in a spot , beauty creams that make miracles ; a woman change from a fat to slim with a few of creams . Another example is about the clotings ; the message of spot is if you use that kind of jacket you 'll be cool ! Finally if you are in a supermarket you can see differnts types of the same product , but it 's always the same . This a problem beacause a young mind can fall in this point of view and so think in this way . We live in a rich society but at meantime there is a poor class of people .
(CHI,high) It 's the travel time , do you prefer travel alone or with a group led by a tour guide ? A good question , I would not hesitate to go with a group led by a tour guide . There are too many advantages to travel with the group led by a tours guide . First , the efficiency issue . We are busying on studying , working or anyother things , or you even can not imagine how we can spare ten or more minutes to google all the travel information and accomadation . Preparation of travel is a time-consuming process , and it may get you stressed out when there 's no hotel room or air ticket available on a particular day . If it 's with a group led by a tour guide , no worries , they arrange every single detail for you in advance . So they reduce your effort and save your energy . Second , the safety issue . If we travel alone , we may choose driving for sightseeing among nearby place . As we know , people are fatigue when they travel around , in the meantime , their focus on driving is distracted by views or landscapes outside of the car window . Car accident probability during travel time ranks the top among other accidents situation according to our national survey . I was involved in the exactly same situation once when I drived with my boyfriend , that 's a nightmare , you may never want to experience . Third , the travel perception issue . It 's no doubt that tour guides are real experts for explaination of tour sites . As we may experienced , you are more exposed to the thorough information about specific place than you travel alone . In addition , the tour guides are more informed about regulations or price change for relative sighseeing issue , therefore we can avoid some useless rush . That 's why the tourist industry keep booming these years in our city for these 4 consecutive years . Nevertheless , we embrace all intrinsic advantages of traveling with group led by tour guide , we may still have some pity for its inconvenience and comfortable concern . We are not allowed to go wherever we feel like to go since it 's hard for tour guide to organize a huge group , we follow tour guide 's preference other than our owns . Also , sitting in a tour bus with 40 people interrupted by any of their snoring or other noise seems not as enjoyable as driving my own car with my friends . Even so , I still would jump up to choose travel with a group led by a tour guide if I were given a chance to select comparing with travel alone , and it 's obvious advantages outweigh its shortcomings , Travel with the group led by a tour guide can also foster our networking opportunity during the trip and may learn across culture . What a good chance to know people beyond the above attractive conditions !
(ARA,low) I do not agree with that statement , because in twenty years there will be more cars than now because of the people they will be more number than now . For example if there is small family and they have only one car later after the sun or douater they will be adult should they have another car because they need to go to the university or the collage to study if it is far from the house . Anyware if the people in the world they will increase the car must be to increase , and with dilatation of the building and in the distanse all of the people need the cars . the cars it is very important in our life . It is notlogicaly that we have all these streets and roods just to use there for twenty years . Some countries did not develop enough to use cars proberly . Therefore with the modern world the will be more and better injection .
(ITA,medium) i agree with the statement as i believe that a person can be identified as a successful person only if it is able to face different situations and to take its own risks . an example that can support what i wrote is the analysis of the attitude of one of the top manager as such people , to be identified as successful , have to be able to deal with every kind of situation . thinking about a top manager we can conclude that its added value is to solve a problem when it appears by risking its own name . reading newspapers we know , for example , that companies facing a difficult period look for people that can be able to find solutions . the manager is able to analysis the problem finding a solution by using its own expertise and knowledge . as the prblem is solved and that company is no more in trouble , the real successful person does not feel any more confortable with a calm reality and tend to look for something other . successful people have the great skill to have something more that normal people and they have the `` moral duty '' to offer such knowledge to others . trying new things and affording risks is the only way a person has to show others the skills it has and the capabilities it has to express . i conclude by saying that if a skilled and potentially successfull person does not want to isk and to try new experiences losses a great opportunity and cannot be identified as a successful person .
(GER,high) The question I want to discuss about is whether young people enjoy life more than older people . This questions plays a not unimportant role , since the average age of especially western communities chang dramatically and today 's young people are more and more drawn into the corner of a fun - generation . But what is meant by enjoying live ? People of different age groups have different definitions of enyoing life . Young people are constantly facing more problems about their personal future especially concerning money . Since a lot of young people ca n't be no longer sure to have a secure working place , many young people try to push this problem aside , by covering the left spot with activities that might distract their view off the actual problems they have . So they often lose the focus on how to solve their problems by positioning themselves in a world , where everything is about fun and joy . At first , this might work , until the person realizes , that fun and joy cannot happen without money . At this point young people can go in two different directions . The first group may focus back and concentrate how to get back on track while the other group might be trapped in a vicious cyrcle of wanting to enjoy one 's life , but having no money to do so and also not beeing able to get any money the legal way . Older people on the other hand are more experienced and since almost everybody of them , especially here in Germany , is affected by World War II , they value the things they posess more than a person who has not gone through anything comparable . But if an older person can enjoy life or not , depends on his or her possibilities to do so . Illness or death of one 's partner might easyly avoid to enjoy life . But even if you are healthy and have a working partnership , you still need money to fulfill your dreams and to enjoy life for instance by travelling different places in the world , buy your favourite TV , etc ... And that is the point where the arguments about young people and old people come together . I think , that you ca n't finally say that young people enjoy life more than older people . To enjoy life you need to create a basis which allows you do develop your personality and your self-actualization and this does not depend on whether you are old or young .
(KOR,high) We can see many advertisements in our life . On TV , magazine , newspaer and even we can see on a street through the window . Do these advertisements make people to buy the product ? Absolutely yes , because most of them make products seem much better than they really are . I have three reasons why and how advertisements makes products seem better ; advertisements show only good thing , they use popular person as a model and they repeat same things . First of all , advertisements show only good things . They naver show negative things . For example , there is a computer . This computer is very fency and looks good however the function is very limited and it has small memories . Would the advertisement of this computer say that it has limited function and small memories ? It would show only good things and overstate about it however it would not mention about bad things . People do n't know about negative things and know only good things so they may think products are very good . Second , they use popular person as a model to attract people . Many advertisements use popular stars in spite of paying huge amout of money . People think they can be similar with the model as they use the product . For exmaple , models of clothes ' advertisements are all pretty and skinny , because people think if they wear the clothes they can be as pretty as them . Last of all , they are repeated so people remind the product anytime . Same advertisements are repeated . Sometimes , I saw same advertisement for more than 10 times a day . Although at first time I just passed the advertisement , however later I was interest in the advertisement and the product . Advetisement repeat same state and action so make people agree with them . For these reasons , advertisements make products seem much better than they really are so make people buy products . In my opinion we should be careful with these advertisements to not buy that we are not neccessary . Advertisement is just an advertisement . We can enjoy to see it , however we should not beileve all what they say .
(JPN,medium) Do you think that young people enjoy life moer than older people do ? I think that most people agree this statement . I think that it is natural that young people enjoy their life more than older people do . Because young people have there things that it is hard for older people to get ; time , curiosity , and responsibility . First , young people have enough time to enjoy their life . Young people have classes on school but it is not spend whole day and they have free time everyday . On their free time , they can do anything what they want to do , such as playing with friends , doing clubs , doing homeworks , and doing part-time jobs . Also they can go everywhere they want to go . They do not think that they enjoy life more than older people , because they just killing their free time by doing something . They just use their time effectively . Second , young people have much curiosity to enjoy their life . For young people , life is unexpectable and there seems many interest things . There are many wonderful things to challange . They act as soon as they think . Sometimes , not thinkig carefully lead them dangerous but their curiosity make them have possibilities to get more specific knowlege and find something new and problems . Third , young people do not have responsibility yet . They do not have limit for doing something and they also do not care about their fame of authorities . They will act before not thinking that their action is good or bad . When they feced some problems , they will notice the importance of responsibility . From these reasons , I think that young people enjoy their life more than older people do . Their free time , their curiosity , and their irresponsibility , sometimes , connect to their social experiences . By enjoying their life , they can get variety of knowlede , experiences , and moral and then they grow up to adaluts .
(TUR,medium) Being a successful person is an undefined problem . In order to answer this problem we should clearly define what we mean by being a successful person . If being succesful is defined as learning and experiencing new things one might be right by saying this sentence . But in my opinion being successful is doing what you already know perfectly . Success is the measure of how well you have done a job or a work . It is clear that by learning so much new thing and having new experiences does not allow you to do your job or work perfectly . A person 's target should be doing the job or work which he/she specialised in . So , trying new things , ideas or taking risks wo n't allow you to focus on your target . It is obvious that learning new things , cooperating with the new developments and having some informations about the topics which you have n't known how to do well is not bad at all . It has important advantages for people . For instance , think about an engineer . He designed a really functional device for listening music . But he has to sell this product in order to earn money from his design . And in order to make money he has to know how to negotiate with people . It is not a right behaviour to say that negotiation is an business man 's job , I do n't have to negotiate with people . Instead of being a man who know nothing about everytthign I choose to know everything about
(GER,high) Since the middle of the 20th century the number of cars on our earth has been increasing rapidly . But is this trend going to last in the 21st century ( question mark !!! ) There are several points why I suppose that there will be fewer cars in twenty years . Taking into account that the natural resourses like oil will definitly come to an end within the next decades and consequently the prices for fuel will increase drastically , I do n't think that normal people will be able to afford a car . In addition , not only the prices for fule might increase , but also car taxes and car insurance . Even today , it is hard for most people to afford a car . Another point is that in my opinion the puplic transportation in most cities will be more supported by government in the future . Just think of the billions of Euro the governtment puts into the Transrapid . Having a look at our cities , the limit for cars on the streets must have been reached by now . I can not imagine that there is space for even more cars , especially during rush hours . Traffic jams and endless waiting is an every day image on Germanys roads , the numbers of cars must decrease by any means in the future . Best example for a car - abbanding policy can be witnessed in Innsbruck , Austria . There , the innercity gas pollution and noice pollution became too much . After voting against innercity traffic , the residents of Innsbruck now have the opportunity to sit at the Maria-Theresien-Strasse and enjoy their innercity atmosphere . In my opinion this example should be a guideline for Germany and the rest of the Western World as well . If politicians go on to refuse spending more money on the development of more economical cars and the discovering of alternative fuels , I 'm sure that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years . If not man is clever enough to do something against wolrd pollution , environment will strike back some day .
(KOR,medium) There is an argument concerning whether young people enjoy life more or older people do . It is true that young people are hard to study and old people are hard to work . However , I believe young people enjoy their life more than older people do . In this essay , I will present briefly a reason supporting my opinion . First , older people has not much time to enjoy as young people because adults has more concering than students . Also , I believe there is reason why we call `` adults '' and `` child '' with different words . Most of young people 's concerns are friendship or study problems . They do not need to worry about money , work , food or far people 's relationship like older people . Moreover , the older people 's concerns are not only those thing but also they need to care their child and parents problems . So , they need to use remain time valuablly . To exemplify thing that , when I was high school student , I never think about money , food , and so forth . However , when I grew up to adult by officially , I start to think about those things . Especially , I live alone since I studied in United States . After all , I have to figure out how to use money efficiently , how to cook Korean food with various kind of ingridients , and caring by myself . This experience let me know how my parents has hard time while caring me and my younger brother . To conclude , I am generally agree that the young people enjoy life more than older people do because especially in my case
(FRE,low) I agree with this question . And recently , there are a lot of tour in japan . Most japan 's tour led by a tour guide . because there are some reasons . First , Japanese people likes to go to somewhere with groups and it is safety to go to travel . If tour guide led us everywhere , We do not to think about every one . Tour guide thinks about us . For example , how many people are there now ? or next , where do we go and so on . In my experience , I have been to Disney land with my friends , and I led my freiends . However it was very hard to led people . it was not easy to it Second , tour guide has a lot of knowlege about that place or something . If I had question and asked , tour guide can answer the question . Last year , I have been to the china , however I can not speak chinese , so I was in trouble that I missed train , and I called tour guide . And tour guide tell me how to get to ride train and come back hotel . I felt tour guide is very kind . Third , it is nesesally to go to travel with tour guide . If I go to foreign country , I do not understand what people say . So it is very bording . tour guide can speak local launguage . What 's more , I think tour guide know local imformation . it is very important to enjoy in there . If I go to somewhere myself , I can not to know about local imformation . Of course , It is not free when I want to go to anotherplace In summary , I agree to led by tour guide when I go to travel . but it is very safety during travel . and it is important to go to
(TUR,medium) It is a very hard subject to bring up individuals that are so well developed by means of academic acknowledement and will be able to discover things that may be milestones of the concerning science . The action can be more well defined by using ` bring himself up ' since the process goes on like this : Up to some point you take the hardware ; namely education and consequently you define your route which goesto that ` milestone` . Up to the second part the enviroment is so significant and if ever there are well opportunities to develop your skills it could be used so efficiently and this should be considered good luck since there are no equivalent chances everywhere . As to close again to the subject some people are describing their tasks around scientific happenings and they have an hard job to deal since it is the most difficult part of the life to discover something . A few decades ago scientists had worked on wide topics and there are so many examples of them who make different associative studies and made products even in mathematics and chemistry which are so far topics . Furtherly there are much more examples who studied relatively close topics such as physics and mathematics . In our century there are more available interdiciplinary areas namely the preliminaries are ready but further relations should be determined . It can be said that a sufficient theoretical base have been prepared and with the help of technological revolutions the practical aspects are being performed . But anomg these several interdiciplinary areas there is happening a more accelerated development compared to the technological development and there becomes much more work to handle . The codes of the nature is being simplified but the humanity is learning that the complexity - as described in physical sciences the enthropy - around us is more than we imagine . As a coclusion ; as the time passes we learn and get surprised about the wideness of the universe but the days we are living is not that as in the 17 th century to sit at home and try to get some formulas about diferent sciences /
(JPN,low) I do not agree on this statement . I do not think it is best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . There are a lot of way to travel in our life . For example , to travel alone , to do with your friends or family , and packed tours with strangers ( such a way in the statement ) . In various ways , if I could travel anywhere , I would like to travel alone . It is best for me not to mind others even if it is my family , friends or boy friend . When you walk with someone , you should catch up with him or her . And , fllowing , you can not the thing you want to look if you have something you want . It is too unpleaseant for me . So , when I want to buy something , I will go shopping alone . This is same in case of travel . I want to go places I want . If someone and me want to go to same place , maybe I will concider well . On oppsition , the demerit that I thought when you travel in a group led by a tour guide . It is semilar to the case of my former reason that I do not go shopping with someone . A tour guide always can provide with a satisfied content to each us . A big tour can not response to each needs of each customer . It is problem for me .
(TUR,high) The role of media and advertisements on our lives has always been an interesting topic for me . The pushing media plays a significant part in our decision giving process and consuming patterns . I strongly agree that most of the advertisements imposed to us effects our buying decisions and make the products seem better than they really are . First of all , the product advertised on several media channels mostly do not reflect its real physical appereance in terms of size , shape , or color . By the help of advancing technologies such as computer programs and new viewing technologies in creative sciences , it became so easy to make adjustments on the physical appereance of a product . As a result the product seems much more attracting to consumers on TV or newspaper . But when you go to buy the product you realize that it does not look as good as it was advertised Additionally , in terms of quality what is promised by the firm is mostly not realized after the purchasing stage . It is easy to promise on ads rather than realizing it . For example in my country many home appliance firms which basically produce washing machines or refrigerators assure their customers that their goods will not be broken for three years . And if these goods are broken they guarantee affording the cost of fixation . In reality the item you buy generally breaks down in less than three years . Worsely , when you email or phone them to transfer your complaint or dissatisfaction , it is a tiny possibility that you will get assistance . Lastly firms are getting more wild on earning more profits because of the financial instability in the world . Wars and economic crisis always fluctions in economy . Therefore companies in order to strengthen their financial standing and improve their profit margin . they focus on advertisements to increase their sales . As a consequence new way of advertising enters into scene which is lying people about their products and pushing them to buy without hesitation . consequently I strongly agree that in todays world most of the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are since the advancing technology , ease of promising more and more and the financial status of the countries and firms .
(TUR,medium) Education has been avitally aspect of human life . People are born then firstly want to learn or do something . Therfore , learning is the best point in this statement . I do not agree that to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . In terms of the two most remakable factors are emotion and necessity . The first and most significant factor is emotion . It is true . People need learning something . It is an emotinal action . Therfore , emotion is very important for student . For example , a business student want to ask a question about economics so the student just want to learn how about this title . It is the prime factor of learning is important for students . The secondary very important factor is necessity . We have to learn how we can be alive . Since the old centuries , people have researched and they learnt how we can survive . Learning is necessary for our life . Actually students have to know much knowledge about their major study courses . Students especially must to learn everything about theit depertmants . I give an example that if a doctor did not know how he/she helps a cancer problem , probably the doctor can not be a real doctor . Learning is necessity for all students . Taking these things which are emotin and necessity are most important factors about my disagreement . To learn facts can be provide good education for students . Consequently , understanding ideas is important but learning facts is more important for students . We can see this thing our whole life .
(ARA,medium) i m not that young nor that old , for a guy in the end of his thirties ritching the fourtine what should he think about the life ? it is so confusing as from the begining where should i position myself to give a good answer to this topic . well , usually we have to wear either of these both personalities or ages to give the right thought . i believe we are misclassifying people , in my point of view i d rather say very young and youg people , old and very old people , that way i can classify myself as of part of poeple then give a very bright ansewer . the statement talks about the enjoyement of the life mainly which is a purpuse of the minkind , of corse the way they doing would be different going from their experience , age , knowledge and also their capacity doing it . the young people are more healthier , more energitic , they 'd rather spend their time playing , practicing sport , having fun with girls and boys , doing some tough jobs to feel their strenght , all these citations are kind of enjoyement , where young poeple use their time and money , taking many riskes for the love of the adventures . in other side the old people also enjoy their time or life but more wisly , of corse it is not the same like the young once in matter of time spend , but it is an enjoyement with more experience and care , from reading , cooking , traveling , but not a crazy things that young does
(HIN,high) I agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Firstly , the fuel reserves on this planet are limited and the consumption of fuel is only increasing with time . One of the reasons for the increase in fuel consumption , mainly petroleum , which is easier and cheaper to refine , is the growing population worldwide . Petrol is not only needed to run cars but also needed to run cities - to generate electricity which is needed to run all our electrical appliances at home . Also with an increase in air travel , the fuel consumption has gone up . Another reason for increase in fuel consumption is due to the increase in industrialization and other technological advances and research . Thus although the fuel consumption is increasing , the resources are limited and hence the demand will eventually outdo the supply . Thus to prevent this the number of cars running on the roads will need to be reduced . Although , alternative resources of fuel which are more enviornment friendly are being researched , such as substituting petroleum with ethanol , which is being widely discussed about currently , the researchers have a long way to go before this can be used commonly by the consumer . Various other factors such as fuel economy and effects of using this alternative on the car engine need to be sorted out . I also feel that the costs of substituting petroleum with other fuel alternatives would be very high and not possible for the common man to sustain fuel charges for his car from econimics point of view . Hence not many will be able to afford cars then automatically causing a deline in the number of cars . Lastly , we all know that the current increase in the number of vehicles on the road in addition to the increase in fuel consumption is causing a lot of enviornmental changes . Global warming is only increasing by the day . Even scientists are shocked with the effects of pollutants released in the air on our climate . These drastic changes in our climate will compel us to decrease the use of cars and look for more enviornment friendly alternatives .
(HIN,low) Success lies in what you have thought of and the respective positive outcome . Success is a phenomenon usually that should be developed by each and every individual . Success reflects the idea of the man in his behavior . Success should always come taking on new things in life . To say perfectly a sucessful person is one who succeds in trying out new things and plans . Trying out new things is definetly related with risk taking . As complicated the plan will be risk accosiated with it will also be high . Its not great on implementing the older ideas but to go on for self associated ideas . Fear for failure should not be associated otherwise it will reflect on your work . For example if scientists does not go for newly generated ideas many familiar inventions wuold not have been possible . Such as computers , cellphones , telivisions etc.the amount of risk associated with it is also high . If suppose if a batsman thinks of hitting a six as a risk then he ca n't ever succed in his life . Accordingly if he plays without fear many milestones would be crossed by him . So both name and fame will be associated with him through out his life . So generation of new ideas and the amount of risk associated with it gives greater chance to develop in life . This not only supports for development in life but also raises respect for us in the human society . Majorly successful people are recognised due to implementation of their own ideas and the risk associated with it . Instead many people want to succed copying other ideas and implementing on the well known fact . But success counts on new ideas and the risk factor . Hence success accuont on the people who work hard to succed which is reflected in their ideas .
(GER,medium) I think that successful people are often people trying a new thing . Because I think successful people are people who are in action , who are doing a lot of things . And so more you are doing , so more you can change . On the other hand , successfull people are most intelligent , so that they are able to have good ideas and so they try new things . So I still agree with the appointment that successful people try new things but I think that successful people do n't try everything . They compares the risk of the new thing with the chance of it and then they decide if they want to do it . I 'm not sure , if successful people take more risks than other people . Of course , some do . But there are people that have take more risks than other and they are very unsuccessful , like Hannibal with his elephants . A man who try a new thing was Henry Ford , he started up a business and paid his employees 5 Dollars a day , that was a realy high sold . But it works . He was very successfull . Other very successfull men trying something new and take risks are Bill Gates or Gandhi . I think if you want to be successfull you have to try new things and to take risks as well . But risk is n't risk . To buy stocks at the stock exchange and have n't money on the bank is not the same risk as if I have it . It 's important to make it clear what 's risk and what is really stupid . I 'm not the person who agree or disagree with such a statement , because it 's too unspecific and too common .
(FRE,medium) The problem of helping his community is very difficult to deal with due to his complexity . Many people belive that teenagers do not give enough time to help their community because they do not care about it . On the contrary , the statement that people gives time to charity can also be partly justified because nowadays people try to be closer with the poor people . However , all aspects into account , I stronghly feel that young people do not give enough time to their communities . First , I agree with the statement that explain that young people are more interessted in video games or getting out than in helping people . For instance , when we need to go the see my grandparents , my little sister always tries to find a solution to do something else this day ( chatting on Internet , meeting some friends , ... ) . Another exemple to illustrate that young people do not care about elders is the bus . I can barely understand what cost to young people to ask a old man or woman if he or she wants the sit . Besides it better to stay on your feet after a whole days of lessons where you have been sitting for hours . But it is true that is difficult to really help his community , it take a lot of time and nowadays it is hard to find some free time . However their is some people who like to help people of their community , they do a very nice job like . To illustrate my point , I would like to talk about people who give some warn food for people who do not have enough money to eat something hot during the winter time . Therefore not everybody do not care about his community , but a lot of people think that other people do that for them . I am not particularly active to help my community , but for me it is a lack of time . But this year I have decided to help some young people to their homework in order to give them the pleasure of working . To sum up we could say that not everybody do something for his community but I am not sure that 50 years ago it would have been better . I have the feeling that people help more and more their community with money for associations . Their is an age for everything and , perhaps , the youth who do not care about community will change their mind and become an activ helper . The community needs help whenever and whoever gives this help .
(ITA,medium) In my opinion young people have to help their communities because in this mode the youngers can improve their personal experiences and this fact is very important for every work that they will do . On the contrary , even if a young person might help community , he or she cannot do it because they have not time for this purpose . Infact , usually school steals much time to students and free time is not fair to help community . At the same time a person must enjoy her or himself in free time to not explose ! . So , if a person wants to help community he or she renounces to free time and this question is very difficult to deal with . Infact , after an hard week of study I believe that a young wants to go out with his friends or make some sports . In my personal experience , I wanted to entry in Red Cross beacuse I think that it is important organization to improve our society . The lessons of this organitazion are made at Monday and Friday evening in a period that I have to prepare exams and I cannot follow lessons . So , I did not follow my purpose for school reasons . Another experience in my life is related to Church activities that I don not want to follow because they are made on Saturday afternoon and this is the only free day of my week . I am very sad for this , but after a week in a place not near to my home I want to visit my friends for example or to play tennis . So , I believe that if school needs less time youngers can help community but in these conditions are very dfficult to realize it . A purpose that can be made is to put in scholar schedules voluntaries activity like Red Cross or to help in hospital . It might be a mode of stimulating youngers to be near to their community .
(FRE,high) In the daily life , we are surrounded with advertisements , whatever we may do : listen to the radio , take the train , watch television ... Yet , we can wonder whether these advertisements really reflect the truth . Do not they sometimes make products seem better than they really are ? Do truthful advertisements exist ? On the one hand , we can think that advertisements only consist in showing a product : nothing can really be biased this way . Indeed , in an advertisement , a product is shown , described and sometimes we see how it works ( for an electronic device for instance ) . So , how can we possibly we cheated on ? They make products the way they are . For example , when you see on television an advertisement for a new type of cake for children , you see a new type of cake on the screen and nothing more . The product seems to us just how it is . However , we can think that a lot of marketing is involved in the conception of an advertismnent . Consequently , every advertisment is carefully thought and designed so as to make us buy the product . That is why the advertisement makers try to play with our feelings . For example , more and more products in the advertisements are described as healthy , or good if people are on a diet ... Advertsiments makers use the new trend for health , diet ... that has been running for some months . They try to make every prodcut look healthy , even though it is not . For example , every product with an original high rate of fat is described as `` lighter in fat '' but hey omit to add that there is still a considerable amount of fat in it . Another way of making products seem better is the use of small letters . For example , for a loan , you will see in big letters that you can get a loan in no time , but when you read carefully , you notice how much it costs ... The same thimng happen when you suscribe something with an internet supplier : an attractive price is written in big letters in the advertisement , but when you read more carefully the small letters , you notice that the rent of the modem is not included , that this price is the one if you engage for three years ... Another tool for the advertisments makers to make the product better-looking to us is the use of a `` star '' to present it . People who identify with this `` star '' think that if such a person uses this product , it must be wonderful . To conclude , we can say that people have to be very careful with advertisements . Indeed , even though they sound like truth , they are not really the truth . Most advertisements are conceived so as to make the product seem much better than it is , so as to convince us to buy it .
(SPA,medium) `` It is all about the club , makes your shot have a lifetime expirience '' ( wilson golf clubs ) this was an advertisment for a golf club about five years ago . Why do I mention it ? well I bought their product . In the modern world that we live in advertisment and marketing are everything inside a free market . Adverstisment is an important factor used by producers to sell their products , it makes the consumer become interested in the product and makes him most of the times buy it . Bringing my previose quote again what I tried to show with it is that by just listening to a propaganda and its advertisment I became so interested in that club that I finally bought it . I was young and just becoming a part of a famouse hobby called golf . I wasnt aware of what brands were the best and so . So I just bought the one that called the most my attention `` Wilson golf clubs . '' It had a great advertisnment wich assured me that its product will last foreever and that it will make my game improve as a whole . One year later it boke leaving me with no more than a memory . I asked myself why ? Well in the business world companies want revenue for greater profits . One way of gaining it is by the means of advertising . If you have a firm that sells shoes who is just beign introduced to the market you imidiatly want money , through advertisment you can trick the consumer into buying youre shoes because they are top quality and they will never get old nor loose their power . Through this mean of business you can expand in the market and the only one who could get hurt is youre client with your crapppy product . The world is filled with advertisment cartels and so . We people need to be aware that what we are buying has a good quality because most of the times things arent why they seem nor said to be .
(ARA,low) Students can understand ideas that is more relevent to them and thier opion . I though that learn facts is important for the students also but I disagree I think that learning facts moer affictive to students becouse its in there life and they can used in several area . As we know that ideas help students to learn facts but it is asupporded material for example the gravition is facts that suppored dy ditail . For example the ideas is why the apple full down so the ideas became before the facts and after expermintion the ideas be came facts so the live is fact and the end is facts and some ideas can make facts cultuer is fact for that students must learn facts and anderstand the ideas to improve thier skills .
(ITA,high) Someone says that the art of advertising it 's the art to tranform something you usually do n't even think about into something not only desiderable , but indespensable to fulfill your intimate needs and desires . Given that as an assumption , it 's easy to understand how ads ' experts make use of the finest and more sophisticated techniques to present their products and services to the general public of consumers . It 's common sense that `` it 's the first impression that counts '' . This is even more important when it comes to the market . In particular when the average , not outstanding , characteristics of a product or of a service must face a competitive environment to gain market shares and to build long term trust by their customers . This is why a `` little lie '' at first sight is necessary , most of times even accepted and comprehended by the customers , as it is in love affairs . Techniques are uncountable and may vary significatively according to the category of product or specific item presented to the public . One of the most used technique is to show a picture of the product which is far more attractive than the product itself . Guess who has never been disappointed by the slimmy sandwich that comes out from a Mc Donald 's packaging comparing to the beautiful , inviting and gnammy picture that you can see behind the server while you are waiting in the line ? Someone calls them `` sweet lies '' or `` innocent lies '' , that could be tolerated and accepted if we are still talking about sandwiches or candies but when it comes to products or services that can tremendously affect people 's life and health , then it comes the need for a more critical approach to the discussion . In many countries , advertising agencies have developed over the year a code or a set of regulations to discipline the way advertising is conducted . Even if these efforts are worthly of support I personally think that the consumers are the final judges and they will determine the success or the failure of a product also according to the gap between how it 's presented and how it really is . They say `` lies sometimes are sweater than reality '' , probably it 's true but we all know that lies have short legs in the end .
(CHI,medium) I agree this statement . First , successful people has his success from his adventure . Trying new things and taking risk are very important success factor for the people . I think it means a great oppturity for people to get the success . Sucessful people never worry about the fate in the future . They have strong confidence to support their action . Thet will keep the action until they get success . Second , if a person only do what they already know how to do well . They will not find some fresh and excited thing in his life . The people will tried to do the repeated job . I think people will become lazy if they always do the same work . They will not find the happy or proud from the work . The people will get less competition thinking . Maybe they will result in a really faiulre in the future . So , it is very important for a person to get the success by trying new things . Third , new things and risks means new chance . If you can catch it , it will bring more success for people . I think it is a importart part for the definition of success . Anyway , peopel can learn more ability from these new things and risks . Many examples can prove the point in business today . For example , GE , Mirosoft Company , and Intel .
(KOR,medium) The most of people around this world confusing that , young people more enjoy their time than that of older people . This is the most common flaw in this time . In 21 century , we have such a competitive and aggressive world to live . If you are not awake all the time , then you will be beaten by financial situation , co-worker , even freinds whom you rely on . That means especially young people , they take part in a main competition for their survival , it 's hard to tell young people enjoy life more than older people . In nowaday , a lot of young people work for more than one job . Of cours , they have many reasons to do so . Main reason will be to prepare for their better life when they got old . And after that , it can be said ; to accomplish the own personnal goal , to pay credit card bill , and so on . Then when these people got old , they do n't need to struggle that much for their better life . Because , as you know , the most important factor to enjoy our life is money now . Without money , nobody can enjoy life , if we still sure that homeless , beggar , hooker on the street ca n't enjoy the life that we called life in the topic sentence . Cleary , older people who can enjoy life more . Those people are surely , who were being better prepared from when they were young . On the other hand , young people who enjoy life are just taking a break . After break , young people start to keep themselves in the long-run race for the better life . So they can enjoy more life when they got old . Besides , young people have more things to do for that of they responsible for themselves . However , since older people who already done with those things when they were young , they can enjoy life more than when they were young . Therefore , i disagree with the statement ; Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
(ARA,low) I agree with this statement for many resons . The first one is young people spend their time in other things . The second , they focuse their afforts in other staffes . The last one , they do not have good supports from people to help their communities . First of all , young people spend most of time in activeties belonging to them self not for their community . For example , they spend time in playing , visiting friends , studying and help each others . secondly , they focuse their afforts in things which it give the benefits for them . For example , young people may do some works with very hard work if they get money or at least a littel gift which it unforchintly does not happen often in communities . Thirdly , they may not have good support to that nither from school or home . The reson is the school and home - speacily home - told them to do some things belonging to them or make benefits for them without thinking in socity . I think young people will do some scoity activities if somebody give them a littel adviesment to participate people and help them in so many ways . In addition , it is scoity clubs ' resbonseblity to help young people to give something to community where they live . Finally , they some youngs do alots of things to their socity and still . But the other does not for resons which are minshond above . The young people have huge enrgy that should every body take care about it .
(TUR,medium) Yes i do agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , because of many reasons . My first reason is , a tour guide is more familiar with the places that we are going to travel that guide can show us many place that we can not find easly by ourselfs . for example hidden historical places or same taraditional places or relogionus places , churchs . The second reason finans , when we travel aboard or for holiday to same where , if we have a tour guide we us , the guide can provide us usefull information about the our travel and some of this usefull informations are , the hotel which we will go , the tour guide can provide us the chip and best hotels . For shoping also we can take hepl from the guide who can take us to the chip or a good shoping place . And my last reason , going a country which has a different language can be hard to enjoy . but if we have a tour guide who know the language of country that we are going to visit , the guide provides us to many nice things . for example we saw a castle in the city and want to learn about it . the guide can help us by translating information for thr castle . If we want to speak and learn about the things and cultureof the country that we are visinting we need and translater Because all these reasons i agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , but who is profeccional tour guide .
(SPA,high) We are living in a material world in wich technological advance , social status and political development are leading young people to become more egocentric and less able to find joyce or satisfaction in life . More young people than elderly people become less intersted on enjoying the beauty of living and the emotion in simple things . New generations are more concentrated on getting a social statuss based on academical and professional success , and financial adquisition that prove to others how independent and successful they are . Media and culture set up social values such as beauty and popularity , that for many young people become an obssesion and most important goal in life . It is not a wonder that public nacional parks , and family entretaiment centers are more visited by elderly people , who always seem to be more happy and peaceful by just having a walk in the mittel of the forest , by watching a sunrise or just by going in the nature many of them find the most quiet and interesting point in their lifes when they have acomplished most of their professional and educational goals in life , so that they can spend more time at home with their families and friends , so that the can enjoy life . Young people 's standards and goals to acomplish are becoming more coplex and hard by each generation , so that many of them become depresed or descoraged very easy . For the new generation it is becoming less interesting and motivating things that their grand parents used to do when they were young . Perhaps many young people may find the happines that they are looking for by learning from those that have more experience in life than our selves . Most of the time , young people may have the opportunity to expercience things that do not use to do in their busy lifes finding the beuty and joy of living and being a human been with feelings and emotions .
(CHI,high) Every once in a while , we take a vacation and go travelling to different countries . We want to see and experience other cultures other than our own during these travels . There are two different ways to do this , either through the leadership of a tour guide or to explore by yourself . I believe that traveling by yourself without a tour guide is the best way to travel . First of all , the beauty of exploring is the fact that you do not know what you will find . If you have a tour guide to tell you all the fun secrets and places , then where is all the fun in that ? And often , the tour guide and the group will express their own opinions upon the places and objects that you come across . Which isnt all that good because it limits our insight on the culture we choose to explore . Secondly , the best way the fully experience a culture , is to roam the streets yourself and find out what interesting objects you see or what happens on the streets . If you let yourself roam the streets and become part of the society , you will be able to discover and learn many things that you will not be able to learn if you are walking with a tour guide . In addition to that , learning through experience is a lot better and more satisfying than someone telling you about it . When you get a vacation to travel , you want to get away from all the stress and authority at work . If you do not travel with a tour guide , you will be able to acheive that goal more effectively , because if you travel with a tour guide , you will still feel that someone is in charge of your life . The next time you travel , i highly suggest that you do not hire a tour guide . A tour guide really limits your travel experiences to mere sightseeing . Traveling alone and experienceing the culture while becoming one with it is in my opinion , the best way to travel .
(SPA,medium) Young people time is gold . Although young people care about and are worried about it , time is not sufficient for them , while they have to do lots of things : study for their major , learning a foreign language , part-time jobs ... I am focusing on those young students that are at the university , and that they are completely dedicated to their major . Due to the fact that they are students they have to be more concetrated on preparing their major and prepare themselves to be better off , time for communiy activities is not as that much important . But it all depend on what sort of activity are we talking about . For example , working with non-gubernamental organizations , charities , is totally different from others . With this kind of activity you can become more mature and have a different perspective in life . Having these experience may help you in your future , thinking that there are some others that need more help than you . What is more , this activities might be coordinated with your own and primary activities ( going to the university ) and sometimes it is not very easy . I have a friend that is working as a volunteer in a charity , teaching people with physical disease how to cook on tuesdays and thursdays . He loves it , but when he is in mid-term exams is impossible for him to attend this kind of course , because he need to focus all his time and energy in the subjects he has to prepare . In conlcusion , it is true that young people do not dedicate time to help their communities but they have good reasons to explain and demostrate why the ca n't . Maybe young people should reconsider the option of helping the others and make an effort to do it , but it 's still young peope decision .
(FRE,medium) Most people usually tend to tell the facts without having explained the ideas and the concepts . This would have a worst impact on students . I think it is wrongly done and it would be a lot more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it would be for them to learn the facts . It is so for many reasons : less geniuses in the world , a non evolution of the world and the promotion of a non democratic system . By learning facts , the students will never gain a lot . They do not really understand , they will certainly know what they are said , will memorize it , but will never understand why is that , making them foolishes or machines with no brain . It would even be harder for him to memorize the facts . But on the other hand , if he understands the ideas and the concepts , he would be able to get to the facts on his own , without having to memrize them , perfectly knowing what is going on . Understanding these concepts and ideas , the student works his brain and can even think of something new and way better . This is how the world grows and expands and the evolution goes . The student will also learn how to work on his own , express hiself , his opinions and contribute to the development of a stronger and powerful society . If they just learn the facts , it means that only one or a few persons will know the reasons , giving him or them the entire power over the others , the ability to make decisions as he wants , even if they are wrong or should not be done . I strongly agree with those who think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn the facts . We will build a more effective world that way , and promote the world solidarity .
(KOR,medium) I absolutely agree that ` Most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are . ' I confront the bundle of advertisement on the TV , radio , bus , and even along the wall and on the road . The food In the advertisement loosks more eligible , so I feel that I have to eat that . How about the facial cosmetic ? Its effect is significant so that I ca n't resist to try it . The advertisement of diet is incredible . It shows even the pictures of the ` before ' and ` after ' using their products . Is it real ? I do n't think so . The answer is clear if you use those products . I tried foods , cosmetics , and ` incredible ' diet drugs . Nothing is like the advertisement . I mean that the food does n't taste great for me to make a smile , and the cosmetic that I chose among the advertisements did n't give my face enough moisture . As for the drug for diet , it really did not lost my weight . Far from my experience , the people around me and my neighbor gave the similar experience to me . There is no BIG change such as the advertisement . Even the surface of the package is n't like the contents in the view of color or shape . How shame on them ! I 'm so sensitive consumer to try the weight of the purchase on the scale . It did n't match exactly . I showed the case of exaggerated advertisement based on my own experience . In order consumers ' to make a right decision , it is important to show the way the products are as well as to deliver the consumers ' report to the public .
(JPN,low) I do not agree that statemet , Young people enjoy life more than older people do . To enjoy life , their age is not matter . Most important thing to enjoy their lives is having strong perpose to live . If people do not have certain perpose and reson in their lives , they might to spoil their time . Even they are still young , they will spend their precious time to just have some fun . I think Enjoying life and Having some fun time is not same . Recently some American rich girls appeare on magazines , and they show their daily life-ltyle , go shopping , travering , atending party . They are rich and cool . But they seems not to have some special meaning to live . they just spend their time and money . People who have no money , no good-looking , but have strict aim to live and the pattion about his/her life , they can enjoy his/her life . In addition , aged people have much experience and more patint than younger people . And I think it is impotant poin to enjoy life .
(TEL,high) The writing is about usage of cars in coming twenty years . This four wheeled machine is widely used mode of transport all around the world . The technology is evolving with a zooming speed that with we frequently find a new car on roads that promises more speed and more comfort with the best performance assured . With the increasing usage of cars even the demand for fuel has also increased . To counter the scarce of the fuel cars are being manufactured with a technology to be driven with out use of any petroleum fuel instead can be driven by electric power and other sources . For example , Reva . We have number of manufactures like Ferrari , Lamborgini , Maybach , Mercedes , Hyundai , Fiat , Opel etc. are competing everyday in the automobile industry to manufacture or to produce a new car with all the amenities or luxuries along with the performance . One who buys a car considers parameters such as speed , performance , comfort , capacity , availability of service centers etc . Many Research and development centers are being developed to make a car which is different from the existing and which is unimaginable . There are many machine geeks in this world who love to own the latest car which has almost everything that they always dream about . Car are being manufactured considering the position or status of the people . For example , In India , companies like Maruthi motors , Hyundai motors , Tata motors etc.have launched different ranges of car . Cars have become a part of our day-to-day life . For example , in colder countries like US , UK , Swiss etc. life is quite difficult to travel with out a car . If time comes when the car cannot be driven easily on the roads due to the traffic conjestions or because of availability any alien machine which can replace cars with its best features which are not available with car . Or , if cost of flying machine comes down then probably we may possibly take a look at it . Therefore , I disagree that the usage of cars could comedown down the lane in coming twenty years .
(ARA,high) People 's personalities differ between each other , and so do their sklls and habits . What one person maybe bad at could be another 's field of experties . The human nature drives to explore what is un explored , to experience what is unexperienced . We try new things and take risks every day at home , at work , and among our friends , to find ourselves and to improve our charectors , and that is what create successful people . Trying different things improves our charector . You may try different recipes for dinner , recipes you had never tried before , making mixs your self . That , for example , improves your taste and creativity . It makes you experince things you thought never existed . When you choose to start your own business but fear the loss , going on with your plans builds up confidence in you . When you travel by an airplance , eventhough you fear it , that gives you courge . All the choices we make , all the experinces we have builds who we are and defines us . Sometimes we are lost , do n't kmow who we are or what we were ment to do and be . Whether we were ment to be NBA stars or business managers , Holloywood star or a priest in a churich . We never know untill we try what we still have not tried . We are defined by what we do and how we do it and if we limit what we have done we will never have the nerve to do what we want to do . We are good at what we already know , but are we at what we never tried ? That is the thin line that differs seccessful people from those who are not . We live in boxes that limit our way of thinking , and unless we relieze it , we will never get to where we want to be , will never achieve what we have always wanted to achieve -- greatness and success .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts tahn it is for them to learn facts . Is is because that way to studay is more efficient t ostudents in terms of three points ; valiety , memory , and interests . First of all , by understanding the ideas and concepts , they can get valiety skills to solve many problems . In other words , they can use those information or learning in other fields or other problems . For in stance , in mathmatiucs some people try to memorize only the main folmulas and skip to the examples without understnading the concepts . As a result , they might be able to solve problems in one particular field or problem ; instead of that , they can not solve in other parts because they just try to think and use from examples . Secondly , if students understnad the ideas and concepts , it helps them to memolize those for a long time . For , they connect some explanations or additional information with facts . If they do not do that and just memorize only the facts , they will forget easily becasue of no connection map in their brains . For example , as fpr history . if they remember the fact that a war happned during a period ... how can they keep it in thier memory without haveing any reasoins why it happens or who did it . Finally , the best way to learn for students is to enjoy the study . Also in this point , the idea works well . Actually it 's connected to second paragraph , but not only keeping the information in thiere brains for a loing time , it make the study more fun . The reason is that they have to use their brains a lot to understand ideas and concepts and connect with each other ; therefore students can learn without getting bored . It is the closest way to make acchievement on their study . In conclusion , bcasue od valiety , memory , and interests , student should undersatnd the concepts and ideas first
(ARA,high) It is such a hard thing to predict whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there is today or not . There are so many factors leading to the decrease in the number of cars . Some of these factors are the ever increasing oil price , the scarcity of gasoline and the high cost of car maintenance . However , there are other factors promoting the use of cars and thus will result in more number of cars in the future . In my opinion , I think that the number of cars wo n't decrease . In fact , I think that there will be more cars in the future , than there are today . One reason that may lead to the increase in the number of cars used , is the increasing number in population . The number of people is increasing world wide , and lots of countries are having population control problem . So , the more people there is , the more the need for cars and transport services . Another reason is the advancement in Science . Scientists are finding new energy sources that are abundant , less pollutant and cheap . Having a cheap energy source decreases the running cost of owning a car , and thus encourages more people to purchase and own cars . Moreover , having this source as clean and not a pollutant for the air or the environment will make it easier in terms of regulations to obtain a car . Last but not least , the advancement in technology is another key reason . Advancement in technology will increase the number of cars significantly . With technology advancing , car manufacturers are able to lower their cost of production for cars . Thus , it will be possible to produce cheaper cars in shorter periods of time . Also , the advancement in technology makes it possible for governments to be able to build more bridges and to maintain healthy roads to accomodate more cars . To sum up , Its like a supply and demand issue . With the advancement in science and technology , resulting in increase in supply , and the increasing number of poplulation , resulting in increase in demand , owning a car will be easy and effective . So , in Twenty years from now , there will be more cars in use than there are today .
(KOR,high) In my oppinion , these both suggestions : understanding ideas and concepts , and learn from facts . Because these both teaches people a idea about common sense in the world . and some of the common sense or common knowledge ca n't be learned by own experience . For example , people often learn better behavior in their life through the religion . because some of the ideas that religion teaches people cannot be figured out by one 's own wisdom . and for the improvement of their life and spiritual health , people often willing to learn more about their religions . Besides this reason , a lot of those beliefs , ideas that had been found by mankind in the history , Always had begun from the curiosity about somebody else 's idea . For example , the famous scientist Galileo could prove the truth , ' the earth is spining around the sun ' , indirectly by the idea based on Roman catholic ; which he argued to . his conclusion about universe came from his own experience about the fact . but if he could n't understand the concept of the universe and ideas which people before Galileo believed , he could n't take any chance to make arguement . Just like the exemples showing above , to learn something from fact , we basically need to have some basic knowledge which had already been set by somebody else . Through the history , The idea and peoples ' creativity has been growing upon another . that shows the important conclusion ; people learn from the idea before they prove the truth by their own fact . Along with this fact , we are living in the world that requires the proof ; we have to prove things that we have learned . if we know only the knowledge which learned from fact and we ca n't prove it . Then our knowledge become just one 's stereotypical method with our any reasons in the public . therefore , if we do not understand the idea and concepts which is generally proved as truth by somebody . We ca n't expect our fact that learned from experience to be general truth . In conclusion , to learn or to prove new things learned from our life we have to know about old concepts too . cause th
(JPN,medium) Some people think students should learn the result of facts . Even though that is importnat for stdents , I myself believe comprehension of ideas and concepts are more neccessary for mordern life . People enable to manage their skills to their life easily . For example , when a person knows how to figure math concepts , the person can use the math ideas to develop in the computer programing field . If the person wants to be computer creater , the concepts of math skills always help the person to improve the business . Learning facts is risky to interfer students ' motivation . It is always fun to think and create the answer even though the answer is wrong . Students always think about their problems so that they can discover theirselves to solve the problmes . For example , in math class students always spend much time to consider to figure out the answer . People can cooperate with their friends to overcome and find solusion . This process help sutdents to make motivation of studies . Finally , learning only result is not always true . Again , math class could be good example . Many people notice text books often have some mistakes . When a student only learns the fact , a studnet might misunderstand everything . Therefore , there are three reasons that I do not agree to learn only facts . Understanding ideas and concepts help people to use their paticular subject to their life easily . Also , this has posibily to improve students ' motivation fo studies . Finally , the facts sometimes mistake from the text .
(HIN,high) Johnson & Johnson , a successful organization with lots of patented formulas is inventing still more combinations everyday . Some of the projects are a big success and some find the way in trashcans . I believe successful people try different things and involve in a lots of risk than just running behind what they have already achieved . Life is a series of good and unfavorable things . No one can stop trying just because it has risk involved in it . When individuals endavor a task with lots of deligence some times they make it beyond axpected and some time fail . When people stand up to their life and give everythings they are more likely to become successful . Successful people have the greed for success . They willput numerous efforts and try out different methods to make the things happen . Once someone becomes successful they also go through undetermined pressure to keep their work and give something extra to the community . Brad Pitti is a successful filmstar but he just can not stop at action movies such as `` Ocean Eleven '' he felt the need to show his art and success by proving his performance in `` Babble '' ( A kind of offshore and intense film ) . Though people are successful they try to jump further high and take risk and become more successful . Astronauts have reached on moon but they di not stop there they invented the satelites which can remain in the vicinity and be usefull for ages . `` Newton '' successfully established his first law but he continued his contribution and work to the community by establishing two more laws of totally different phenomenons . Success is an addiction . In stock excahnge market people often engaged in different short term and long term baits and investments . Once they are successful in one bait they explore the market more and tempted to take more risk for more monetary benifits . Also when you get success to tend to think more positive about youself and try out many more things which would prove beneficial . Risk is imporatnt part of every task . Evene if we start walking on road there is a risk of accident but world simply doesnt stop because life has risk of death . Moral of the story is successful people try out different trial and errors for the sake of maintaning their success , and sometimes also to offer something new to the community .
(TEL,medium) I partially agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in group led by a tour guide because it depend on the situations such as how you are going , what palce u are going and how many people did u accompany and also whether u know any thing perfectly about the place . Firstly , while we are going alone and if we are new to that place and we do not know any thing about the place than it is better if we go for a tour guide . Tour guide helps us to cover important things and also it is safe and also no confusion occur . I say this with all the experience i had in my trip . Last time me and my husband went to hawaii we attended a polynesian cultural center with a guide . The guy who guide is really good and he said alot of things about the culture and the people who are there in hawaii and so we know all the cultures that has emerged in hawaii and its sister islands and also about the same time we have known all the cultures and traditions that are there in hawaii and we covered almost everything went well . Secondly while we are going to place which are well known which does not have an historic importance there is no need of guide and also at the same time if we went with the guide we ca n't spend a lot of time where we like it and also there is no privacy if we went along with the tour guide . Consider the example , if iam visting Las Vegas with the guide what should i do ? Really i can spend my time where i like ? No i ca n't . Visiting Las Vegas What is the need of guide . At last i would like to conclude that if u are visting an historic important place u really need a guide the guide helps u to explore more things and if u are visting for only entertainment there is no need of guide . So lastly i can say that sometimes i prefer guide while in sometimes i may not it may depend on the place , situation and time .
(TUR,medium) If it is about students , it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . There is pro and con for this issue . However , i think it is much more important to learn about ideas and facts . First of , we all sure that education is the most crucial subject that influence a societys development . Today the competion between countries and companies is global . So how can you differ your product or company from the others ? The answer is creativinity . If you can think different , you will eventually produce different and live different than others . To improve creativinity we should urge the students to think different . Nonetheless , it is impossible if you just make them learn the information . Secondly , we have to consider the aspect of learning . The natural way of it is experience . That is why the best schools around world have also the best labs . You should let them experience by themselves . Since the experince is the most valuable and the expensive knowlege . Just consider how the civilizations rise . It is more permenant to help someone to comprehend someting than to force them to learn . I think , this is the problem , which we have in my country , Turkey . For instance , I study engineering . The more i make experiments , more i feel confident about my knowlege . Therefore , it is more essential to learn the ideas and the concepts . If you just memorize somethink , believe me you wo n't keep it for a long time . Third of , we also should consider the joy of learning . Would it be enjoyable just by learning the facts . For example , lets think about the magnetism . I can assure is is quite boring if you just give the facts to the students . On the other hand is really interesting when you see it yourself in a lab . In conclusion there are many ways of learning . Learning by understanding ideas , concepts and principles could have some drawbacks . However this wont change the fact that it is the best way .
(HIN,high) I completely agree with the statement that it is essential for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn facts . This exercise is even more essential during early stages in their development . This is because understanding ideas and concepts helps to develop a student 's mind . Understanding an idea or concept encourages the student to apply his/her mind and come up with logical explanations , solutions and conclusions . The student tends to develop analytical thinking and reasoning abilities . He/she tends to becomes inquisitive and curious , constantly seeking information and looking out for answers . He/she tends to participate more in discussions and debates , which help him to learn from other people and undertand their line of thinking . He/she also tends to become more creative and contributive . And , these are essentially qualities which employers seek when hiring potential employees . This is the reason that companies stress more on personal interviews rather than written tests when hiring . They look out for the essential qualities of analytical thinking , reasoning and creativity , all which stem from having the ability to understand ideas and concepts and connect things . Learn facts is an exercise which is essentially done over a period of a person 's lifetime . Often , facts that students learn in their school and college life may become outdated as science and technology progresses and new inventions and discoveries are made . Hence to remain updated in a competitive world , a person is required to learn facts throughout his lifetime . In conclusion , learning facts does improve a student 's knowledge base but unless he is equipped with analytical thinking and reasoning abilities he is less likely to make an impact which will help him to succeed in the longer run .
(ARA,medium) Well , my over all preceptions about advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . I disagree with this statement for several reasons . Firstly , i think that many advertising companies advertise for the matter of money not more . Secondly , I know that many products do not deserve a very big advertising through a personal experience . Many famous companies advertise for their products to attract people to buy it or to love it in some ways . what i mean that is advertising companies looks for a something which all people love it and tries to put it in the advertisement . As we know pepsi is one of the most companies that advertises for its product . And all people know that pepsi is very harmfull after if we drink it for a long time . Well people didnt say that . Scientists said that and due to many experiments on pepsi . People also can discover by them selves that pepsi is not good . A very simple test , bring a broken teeth and put it in a pepsi cup . You will soon discover after a couple of hours that their is no teeth . In addition to my first example which proves to people that pepsi is very harmfull and they always advertise for it on tv . I would like to talk on another example which is junk food . I watch tv for around 4 to 6 hours each day and i can see alot of advertising for Macdonalds and Burgerking . If a normal person sees these advertisement , he thinks that jumk food is good , while its also very bad . Junk food may lead to cancer disease and block in heart artries . Its full of harmfull oil which is used several times . Some people are also overwaited from junk food . All doctors advices to stay away of junk food . In fact advertsement people are professional and they know how to affect people through these advertisements . And as far as i know and I think its not fair and also its not legal to try to cheat on people . I take this as a cheating method because when they are advertising you think its a good product and it suits you .
(CHI,medium) Young means activities , hopes , and positivities . Young people own much more treasurs than older people . Therefore , I think young people enjoy more beautiful life than older people do . Firest , owning a strong and healty body , young people can do whatever they want to do . Because of young , they do n't need worry about their condition of health . They can do any heavy job . May after a whole night of serious hard works , they feel a little bit tired , but after a little snap , they refresh the energy quite soon . However , the old people are different . They are not young ; they are always bothered by all kinds of disease . Quite a few hard and complex jobs they ca n't fulfill . So , that is why people get to a old age , they have to retire . The second reason is that young people have more time than older people and they have more chance to learn new knowledge . Because of their little age , they can live much longer than older people . It means that they own abundant time . By reasonablly using these time , they can study all sorts of knowledges and skills . After successfully studying , they can find better jobs . For example , nowadays , many young people go to school to take full time or part time courses , and after graduate , they can find a highed position from new employer for themsevles . In addition , young people more like to accept fresh things than old people . The thoughts of people who get to old usually change to be simple and dull . Most of them are relativly conservative . They refuse the new things and any improvement of the previous life . Therefore , they are impossible to have some new ideas . In a word , world belong to young people , hope belong to young people . It is young people have the chance to obtain more beautiful future and create new life .
(TUR,medium) Throughout the time there had been no one that predict the future and event which would occur . People have been trying to develop themselves for unexpected events , some learn second language , some stdy another academic programme , one way or another it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject for different reasons summarize below , lets begin . To begin with , time is a unknown , or rather unpredicted , thing from past to today . Lots of ups and downs may lead you to remote places that you never wanted before . From the stand point of this conception human should be well-educated , namely he should attend different courses or academic subject . He also would do different job that not including his own academic backgraound , may be stutations force him to make a job based on any special skills that only get from broad knowledge . As you clearly understand that broad knowledge of many academic subject so important that it remains to be seen . The second one is that new academic subject means new friends . And new friends allow you to taste different life stylesand culture , so this kind of domino effect-a cycle that meets a point to b point to c pointand fortunatelly again meets a point - will enhance your environment or acquianties . This really makes sense The third of is that having broad knowledge of many academic subject gives people self-esteem at every stage of life . Discussing the issues , talking with out person , it allow you that predict other persons perception on the issue for example . Besides this skills , your general culture will improve and people look at you admirable . To sum up , people should be well-develop for life flactuations , so having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specialze in one specific subject for making different jobs and meeting new friends and gaining self-esteem which are very important ever time ,
(CHI,medium) Nowadays , it is not a rare for us to read and hear that some young people , even at such an early age , say 15 , are able to gain their reputation as a champion in sports events , or make great success in acadamical field . Also , there are some adults critisize that adolencents do noting but merely enjoy the modern luxary life . Personally , I believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do , since the era we are living in has greatly advanced . First , because of the progress of the society , there are more aboundant resorces than in the past . In other words , young people are able to take good advantage of all the conditions that the society offers to them . For example , a 16-year-old boy would go to the bar , for almost everyday , to enjoy a cup of beer which cost him 20 dollars . While other students would regard the experience of driving an expensive car as their every day `` homework '' . Yet all these are imaginable in their parents ' era . It is all because that we are living in a affluent society . Second , the society advances not only in its material , but also people ' s spiritual status , that is , adolencents tend to hold different beliefs with the elder gerneration . While parents , who mainly live in the 1970s , regard hard work as a viture , their kids would despise at such an idea . What they want is to buy a new-style ADIDAS sneakers , simply to follow their idles in the advertisement . We do not reject the possibility there are still a small proportion of adolencents as dillegent as their parents , but the fact that more and more people choose enjoying life as their belief is not denniable . Third , the financial independence is another factor contributing to young people 's enjoying-life belife . If it were not for the ability that young people make mony themselves , they could not have gone so further in purchasing expensive products . Modern society provides more opportunity for young peopel to work , with the money they earn always go with them to the shopping center .
(ITA,low) Became a successful people is impossible if you do n't try new things or take risks . During the life the people have to be able to find a good moment to risk , but if you do n't try you ca n't have the opportunity to became a successful people . When a people have success in one things and he understand that he know how to do it well he is ready to risk again . He understand that the right way is try new things to have more possibility to have success . All the people have this opportunity but is important to do the right chois at the right moments , this is the risk . Someone , when became a successful people , do only what they already know how to do well , but if they do n't risk again maybe the success can
(SPA,high) I completely agree with this statement because ideas can be adapted depending on the circumstances and this adaptability can evolve into a successful result that was expected , so students can have the idea that if all circumstances are optimal , this result will be given . Moreover , concepts are also important because they are not orientated to specific details of a situation , but to the general situation , so students can have a good aproximation of the result depending on the interaction of this circumstances . On the other hand , facts can be different depending on the circumstances . The results can vary and therefore it is difficultier to enclose a result . In addition , facts are disputable because they usually occur in systems in which the interaction of different subsystems in that particular time brought that result . But it is possible that the same result can never be repeated again unless the same subsystems interact at the same time and in that precise moment . For example , Wal-Mart , one of the biggest Retailers in the world , sells ideas and concepts to its clients . These ideas have been changing throughout time . Sam Walton , once a Wharton student , stated that ideas and concepts can vary through time , but facts depend on each circumstance that can vary the result interacting with each other . The demand changes constantly and the ideas that once worked for this business are now useless . So students must learn the ideas and concepts that can vary through time and can produce different results other than facts that depend of the interaction of different subsystems . Students will then be capable of directing those subsystems and managing them so as to get the desired results and be successful .
(ARA,medium) It is a very interesting topic . As we know , every one want to be a knowledgebal person . Being knowledgebal is very impotant and atractive . I agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Now i will explain the main reason . Having broad knowledge of many acadimec subjects is better than ti specialize in one specific subject . A person who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is very wise and good , because he will have many informations about all subject but these informations were general information not specific information . As i see these general information will be good for this person , becaus if anyone ask him a question about any subject , he might know the answer . The main reason that the person who have broad knowledge of many academic subject , he will have self confedence on his self . On the ather hand , some people thought that if they learn about many subject , they will not be concentrate and they will be confused . As i see it also good to specialize in one specifi subject , to concentate well on it . To summarize , I encouredge people to learn about many subject not only one . Also in univercitise
(FRE,high) There is a well known idea stating that young people enjoy life better than older people do . We are going to show that , in a sense , it is true since one cannot deny that the craziest things and most thrilling decisions we make happen when we are young . Then we will proove that older people enjoy life as much as younger people do , but simply in a different way . When we are young , we think about our lives as exiting , or at least as more attractive as the ones of older people . We travel more ( it is easier for us to travel ) , and experience lots of things . For instance , I spent last year in Wales , and I think that it would not have been possible if I had been thirty or forty years old , with a husband , children , and a house . This was a unique experience , and I really enjoyed it . My young age enabled me to live it . However , my firm belief is that older people enjoy life as much as we do , but in a different way . Of course , when people get older , they have more and more responsabilities , and it becomes harder for them to free themselve , to spare time for their leisure if they are working , and , if they are retired , they probably do not wish to enjoy life in the same way as young people do . They may appreciate a great deal to play with their grand children , or enjoy to play cards , for instance . Moreover , and in my opimion , old people can actually have a definitely exiting life , and enjoy it entirely . By the same token , I know older people who travel , cross continents , and appear to lead a life even happier and fuller than young people are supposed to do . To conclude , we may say that the statement considering that young people enjoy life more than older people do cannot be taken for granted . As far as I know , one can be young and lead a rather boring life , as well as one can be retired and lead an exiting life . It all depends on each individual 's character and state of mind . Stereotypes rarely happen to be true ... !
(ITA,high) I think that the answer to this important and debated question depends on which level of studing one is pursuing . If a student is at an undergraduated level , he should try to wide , as much as possible , his area of interest and competence , while , if he is already at a graduated level , he should concentrate himself on a more resticted area of study . I think that a broader knowledge of different topics and problems related to different subjects should be achieved during the years spent in the high school , so that one has the possibility to gain more consciousness of what his interests and preferences are . At a certain point in life , one must ask himself the tedious question : `` What would I like to do in my life ? '' That is : `` What kind of job do I want to occupy my days up to the end of my life ? '' Facing this question , one must necessarely restrict his area of interest and study by focusing on a single area . I say `` area '' and not `` discipline '' because an area of study like , for example , philosophy , can involve much more than one would expect at the begining . It is now a day wide recognized how philosophy can be related to mathematic or to economics or to other very different subjects like psycology . Anyway , in my opion , someone really knows the area of interest when he has a broader knowledge of the different topics and subjects related to it . One should always have a wide open eye on everything that 's happening in the accademic world . Specializing is nevertheless an obliged choice today , if one is willing to reach excellence in a specific area . That is true in sports and music at a very early age of life ( about seven years old ) , but it 's a problem also for students at an university level . Few are the people who can get excellence in more than one area , and most of them , I think , died many centuries ago , like Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo . I think that in our century sometimes we should be willing to accept to be mere technicians and not intellectuals in a broad sense , which is something that today only very rich people can afford to be .
(JPN,high) Specialization versus generalized knowledge The question of specializing in one particular topic or becoming a all-rounder with a broad knowledge confronts every student in his beginning of academic career . It is difficult to give a clear-cut answer and again the buzzword `` everything depends on the context '' seems to apply here . There are certain professions which are dealt better with specilization in a very particular topic rather than having general knowledge . Someone who would like to become a dentist does not need to distract himself in other `` superfluous '' topics . On the other hand , the world is becoming more complext and many cross-cutting issues can be only covered by a broad range of knowledge . Just to give an example : the question of legal property of genetically modified genes is something that can not be answered soley from a biological point of view . It requires a more holistic approach by including ethics , law , politics or environmental science . Personnally I could benefit from a large scope of academic topics ranging from economics , history to sociology and law . All these courses helped me become a `` Swiss armyknife '' enabling me to understand and deal with various issues in professional life . This question of specialization versus generalized knowledge is a personal choice and my personnal positive experience with the latter does not necessarily apply to others . Let us also bear in mind that this question does not stop at the academic level but also continue in professional life . If one has specialized himself in one academic topic it is never too late to broaden himself up in the professional world and vice versa .
(JPN,medium) What 's is the successful people ? Some people may say they have a lot of money and hard worker . I think it means the successful person try new things and take risks . I think successful person try to make the new world , study harder and they have a big dream . People do n't respect the nomal person . Peopel respect the successful person because they try to do the things which the nomal person could't to do that . So people called the successful people and they can get a lot of money . First , they try to make the new world . For instance computer programer makes a atractive world . Nowadays we can easy to show this skill in the movie and enjoy that . They can make everything in the computer such as background , animals and universe . This skill makes us increase our imagination . However computer programer try to make the new world everyday because they must give us the new things which makes us surprise and ca n't image . They must try to be left behind the world . Otherwise they lost the job . Second , they study so hard . For example I usually watch the student in the bus . they try to make the picture hardly . They must try to do again and again and admit from the people . Just enjoy the picture does n't make money . The successful people are very few . If you make the success , you should try harder . Third , they have a big dream . Everyone want to get a success and get the money . And Everyone hope to respect from somebody . For example I can tell you about me . I came here to study about nursing . Even though my native language is different and sometimes I ca n't comunicate with people . But I try to continue to study because I want to be a resercher in Japan . It took long time and big money for me . But I want to believe my future . If I continue to work in Japan , I can get the good life . That 's why I agree with this opinion . And I think the successful person is a hard worker and good dreamer . I hope to be like that .
(GER,high) In earlier times schools and schooling itself had an excessively straight forward concept , to dump information in form of facts onto the students without considering them as individuals . However this concept is outdated and thankfully most necessary adjustments to a modern way of learning have been made . Of course it is much more efficient to understand ideas and concepts to eventually be able to put them to use in reality than to just learn facts by heart without understanding them . Having several generations in my own family I can experience the infulence of an older , less modern education . In those times the motto often was `` just accept it '' . Very often unmotivated teachers still use this concept with their students today , they just are n't interested in their education . Compared to that a passionate , motivated teacher will always take the time to explain the facts he just put in the students ' heads and turn them into comprehensable concepts . The best example would be a complicted looking mathematical formula with three variables . If a teacher just throws that formula on a student 's desk while telling him to adapt it to the numbers 2 , 5 and 9 the student will most likely respond with a blank stare . However if the teacher approaches his student with the given formula and sits down with him and explains why this and that is in it , the student will probably be able to use it soon . Or if one learns a certain book by heart , will he understand it ? No , in that case it would not even be a given that the particular person will know any of the content , he will simply be able to repeat the words , like a roboter . However if this person conciously reads that book and overthinks the various concepts , he will learn from it . It is logical that the understanding of a given idea or concept is more productive and thus more important than to just learn the dry facts . Facts do not have to equal knowledge , and only knowledge will get you somewhere .
(SPA,high) Over the years , people have developed two very important theories about a student 's development . Some will say that it is more important for a student to understand ideas and concepts and others will say that it is more important for them to learn facts . Personally , I believe that both theories are important , but the understanding of ideas and concepts is the real key to a student 's success . I say this because if a student just learns facts , that is all that they are learning , simple facts . On the other hand , if a student learns to understand concepts and ideas , he or she is getting the tools to face all types of situations in school , university , job , and life itself . A clear example of what I mention above are two friends that I grew up with , but graduated from different schools . One of them graduated from a school where their principal objective was to teach the student how to think , analyze and understand concepts and ideas besides just teaching them facts and the other one came from a school where the main teaching technique was to make students memorize all types of information . When the time to go to the university came , both students graduated from school with excellent grades but the difference among them started to show on the way . The one that was used to learning and memorizing facts started to experience serious difficulties if things did n't work out exactly as they were supposed to , while the one trained to understand concepts and ideas found out how to work his way through the changes and experienced much better results . Over the years , the student who was just taught facts saw the results that the other one was obataining and finally comprehended that he needed to change . Once he did , things started working out much better for him . I am sure that the example I mention above happens all the time all over the world . Personally , I was lucky enough to be taught to understand concepts and ideas rather than just plain facts and I can assure that it has helped me a lot throughout my life because it has given me the tools to comprehend , understand and analyze things from different points of view , from different perspectives and to look for solutions when apparently ther are n't any , which you wo n't be able to do if you just learn facts .
(JPN,medium) In my opinion , it is more important for students to understand ideas and consepts than it is for them to learn facts . I have some reasons to support my opinion . First reason is students cannot learn facts if they do n't understand basic ideas . For example , if students are studying about World War , they study why the war happened , how many countries were in the war , what was happened afrer the war and so on . Then , students start learning the detail facts such as how did people live during the war , what kind of strategies did each country have . Second , if students have understood ideas and concepts , they can easily guess more detailed facts . For instance , students can guess people were forced to join the war if students have knowledge what is war . To understand ideas and concepts can help students guess facts . Also , it is easy for students to aim their goal if they understand ideas and concepts . If students make some robots , they need to build robots according to the manual says , how to build the robots . On the process of building the robots , students recognize some fact that the robots ' parts are need to add some oil in order to let robots move more smoothly . Like this example , students can build robots because they read the instructions . If studets follow the instructions , they will be aware of more information such as adding some oil . Of course students can make robots without adding some oil , but their robots might move slowly or even be unable to walk . In conclusion , I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because : to learn facts , students must understand the ideas ; students can guess facts if they understand the ideas ; it is easy for students to aim the goal if they know the ideas and concepts . These three are the reasons .
(JPN,high) There are , indeed , a vast number of ways to succeed in life . Some may make attempts to immitate what the previous heros have done in order to be as successful as they were , and some may do only what they already know how to do well . However , there may be some others who try new things and take risks in their actions . Although all the ways of becoming successful in life mentioned previously may seem reasonable , I believe that the genuine successful people try new , unique things that no one else has ever done in history , and this can be supported by using the example of some sports , and how some new ideas can influence the success of the team in its entirety . Firstly , doing what people already know how to do well means that it lacks in originality and uniquness . This implies that what people are doing is not only familiar to the people who are using the method , but also to the people around them . It is possible to enhance the understanding of this point of view with an example of a soccer game and strategies that the coach uses in order to win a game . If the coach decides to use the strategy that he or she knows well , it implies that the other soccer teams would know how the players are going to approach the game , meaning that it would make the players on the opponent team easier to predict the actions that the players are going to take . This proposes that there is less chance of succeeding for the team that is using the familiar strategy to win . Secondly , trying new things can make not only the people themselves confident and content with their own actions , but also , the people who are watching them . In my opinion , the act of trying new things is truly able to cause a greater inspiration on the audience . Although the act of trying new things may be perceived as being too adventurous and experimental , I sincerely believe that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , based on my own experiences in the real-life situations .
(ITA,high) I think that this statements can not be considered probable for several different reasons . I guess the most important one is that there are many not Western countries ( as China ) , where the presence of cars is actually not comparable with the one in the Western countries , which are fastly growing and whose request of cars for inabithant is growing in the same proportion , That makes the requestes for new cars to improve really fastly , and this is not a short term event . The second reason is that to have a car is still an extremly important stutus symbol , which would be hardly dismissed by a large part of the population . To have a car , expecially a fast and expensive one , is a central way to subline the own social position , and I do not find any reason which suggest that it would change in the next twenty years . Third , there is a general financial problem in the balances of the majority of the states of the world . This condition takes away sources from the investiments , also from the innovation and the development of the pubblic transports ( with the exception of some big city ) . This fact obliges many people to use a car , which means to have a car , even if they would prefer not to use it . Honestly I do not think that in the next twenty years there will be found new sources to make the cars not to be necessary . The last point is that the car industry is still one of the central industry of the world . Its crisis would mean a strong crisis of the global economy , and twenty years are not enough to transform a strategical section of the economy in another one : it is improbable that in twenty years the car industry can convert is production toward other kinds of goods whithout a strong social impact . This is even the reason why the car production is so protected by the national institutions in so many different countries .
(ITA,medium) We live in a Era in wich every product has an advertisement . For example when i watch Tv , or i listen to the radio , or i walk on the street i can see , and listen a lot of advertisements . Usually the Media describe the products like they are the best but , unfortunately , in a lot of cases this is not true . For example i 've just bought a new television . i saw on the tv the advertisement and it described this television like a really beaufiful product with a lot of new technologies details and , for this reason i decided to buy it . when i arrived at home and i decided to use it a realized that all i heard , unfortunalety , is not true . I 'm very sad for this choise because i spent a lot of money for a bad product and i think that i 'm really stupid girl . On the other hand , there are also advertisement that explain only true advantages and tell true information , in order to garantee the quality and the good name and reputation of the brand . For example my brother bought a car last year and nowadays he 's really happy for this choise . I think he 's a really fortunate boy ! I think that the advertisement shall say only the true and in this way people can choose the different products whitout the fear to buy a bad items . The rights of the consumers are not respected by the Media and i belive that this problem can be risolved soon as possible . People spend a lot of time to study the product , because they do n't want to spend a lot of money for items that are not like they want . At the moment , i think that is really dangerous buy something without a corret information about it . I trust , that in the future , the Law can change this situation that not advantage the citizens .
(FRE,medium) Can we say that success and creation are linked ? The main point is to make a difference between financial success and personal success . Through a finanacial point of view . New things are not always successful . Indeed , success as well as failure are parts of the risk . For instance , when you gamble in a casino , you can win but you also can win . Maybe the first thing is to analyze what is to be successful . A successful person can also be the one who tries what he really wanted to try , the one who is not afraid of realizing his dreams . The issue of the try does n't influence the value of the act . Which is taken into account is the will to realize his projects and achieve his deams . Therefore , we can say that people who acts and reacts are successful poeple . They attract admiration and respect from the others . Indeed , taking risks and trying new things are a proof of courage . Trying new things can turn a person into a leader . Even if the try ends up to be a failure , because it is new , it is always a start for something else new . In Arts , Surrealism , after the Second Wold War was rejected in favor of Existentialism . The Surrealists did n't change the world as they wanted to do it . Nevertheless , they opened new possibilities of creation and they appeared as a new source of inspiration . They forced admiration because they were not afraid of chocking people and making fun of sensitive values like death and war . Andre Breton remains in France the representative of a successful movement .
(ARA,low) Of curse it is very important for students to understsnd ideas and concepts whay we say that ?? because if students under stand ideas and concept thay can make some realiton ship between things and discover many new things in this life more than things they learning yn thear schools I think the main think in this topic is the theory of teaching in our class if we think by the tradshnal way we will foucs about teaching facts but if we understsnd anew teching theory we will must go teach ideas and concepts I bleave that evry teacher need to study at first how to learn and teaching then they will go to our schools in fact most of our teachers do not now tha bad effiect thay are leave it in students thinking way and on there life in futare of this students and also on thear socaity some time we need to teaching the logic in our schools to be a very good thinking people I think we need abig chang in our way thinking to reche to agood and active way in method of learning and teaching at the end i think it is the big topiq and need more descition
(TEL,high) People need to move from place to place to carryout various daily activities . Right from the existance of man on earth he has been nomadic , moving from place to place for food , shelter etc . So there must be some means of transport and those means changed as generations passed and as the technology developed . Early man used to walk , later he used tamed animals like camels in deserts , horses etc and then he brought the revolutionary change when he invented wheel . Almost all the current means of transportation are based on wheel and one such widely use means of transportation is the car . Many people in the present society have cars and they use it daily to travel from home to office or elsewhere . So traffic has increased enormously . In the coming twenty years we will more cars if they increase the way they are now . But I believe that in the next twenty years cars will actually reduce because there are other means of transportation available such that everyone need not rely on only cars for travelling . Technology has been growing along with requirements of people . Now more public transport systems are available which are useful to the society and the facilities thay are providing are also increasing day by day . Public transport systems like government and privide owned buses , public railway system , local trains and even aeroplanes have bettered their services and increased their frequencies . So instead of using cars many people now are looking into these means for their routine purposes like going to schools , colleges , offices etc . One more aspect of these public transport system is that they are a cheap and reliable means of transportation . It can help many people reach their destination with less risk and cost . Governments are now introducing many policies to encourage people to use more of this public transport . Many benefits have been advertised like lower bus fares for students and workers who travel regularly , benefits for elderly people etc . Many fare concessions are advertised . One more reason why i feel cars will come down is that the effect these vehecles are having on our environment makes everyone to give a thought on using these vehecles . The pollution caused by these vehecles cause severe respiratory problems to the entire mankind . Apart from such direct harm to health of humans it also pollutes the environment and leads to global warming . One good example to show that cars will come down in future is that countries like singapore and japan use more of bycycles rather than cars . They advocate people that use of bicycles is not only good for environment but also for our own health . Their idea has already impressed many and in future many nations will definitely follow this . One more reason why i think we will see fewer cars in future may be because of the fuel constraints . Even today many countries are having less rerserves of than what is required . The fuel prices have been growing higher and higher . So i agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars considering the various reasons mentioned above .
(FRE,medium) `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . ' I agree and I desagree with this statement . First , I desagree because we cannot generalise so quickly what young people do or not nowadays to helping their communities . Instead , no everybody has the same difinition of `` young people '' and furtherwards we have to make differences in `` young people ' : some of them are very interesting in what happen in their communities and invest time in it and other young people do n't worry about it ! Second , I desagree because not only young people do not give enough time helping their communities , adults too . Actually , I assume that young people are the most concerned with this problem but I will speak about this later . I agree for a large part with this statement . In my opinion , a lot of young people just do n't matter about what happen around them . They enjoy their life but they do n't think further than their own life in their little town ! We have to inform people about their communities and encourage them to invest time to helping them ! Instead , you can do both being happy in your own life and having interest in the other members of your communities . And , in my point of view people do n't open their mind enough to the world . A lot of people thing about the best way to gain a lot of money and are very individual what I can understand too . But the world cannot keep turnig if it is only an addition of individual people who do n't understand the importance of their communities . An individual person is nothing without communities around him . An other important point is that young people are the most concerned with this because they are the future members of our communities . But what is the best way to senbilise young people to spend time to helping their communities ? I think that could be a good subject for an other essay ...
(TEL,low) I disagree with the statement that it is better to have broad knoledge of many acadamic subject than spesialized one . One of the most imoprtent thing is time factor , so spending much time on one subjects we will me good and master at the subject . For example , in the higher level education universities offering only in perticular subject rather than on prefer in more subjects . Broad knoledge will keep a person in the top in the position and every problem regading that will be solved by the person . speacialize acadamic subject will produce more bettre resulets , when the person is more intrest in that subject . for examle , in the school some people get good marks in the perticuler subjects when compare to the other subjects , at this time we will encourage him in his intresting subjects rather than other . In later years he will be master at the subject and will takes researchs in the field he will discover more intresting results in that area . Let 's take an example from the hestory of maths , great mathamatician Pythagars , in his school days he always preffer to solve maths problem to that of other subjects like social , science . After few years he became a great mathametician , this is truly because of his broad knoledge in that perticuler subject . From , this examle we can say that the perticuler subject should his intresting subjects . So , from the several reasons and examples we can conclude that its better to have broad knoledge in one subject .
(SPA,low) I may agree with the statement or may desagree . The enjoying in life depends of young people and older , like elderly people . Young people would rather to spend time on computer than to read a book if they have had the oppotunity to choice between them . The most f elderly people might choice to read a book , and another younger people may choice any way . Young people like child or teenagers migth expect life to show many ways to make them happy or funny . That is why there are in their minds how come they spend good time and easy life . They have their parents or tutor support their studies and even support life style and they are not able to spend these kind of things .. In the other hand , older people should make ends meets to life , if they did colect enough money , or life by their jobs , depends the case . Most of them have on their mind the way to spend life , that is way , they do not expected the life to show an enjoy life . They might think to spend a good life trying to enjoy , however it is too difficult , enjoy and spend good life everytime , than the most of young people are able to get . The psicology of both kind of person are quite different , but in same cases older people could get good life and enjoy life . Their jobs and professions get to them a nice way to life .
(TEL,medium) students will learn more by practical experiences . the studen will be able to do well only if he had understanded the concepts and ideas of any one rather knowing the facts of it . i agree with the statement . if the student is able to understand the concept and ideas well then he could be able to analyze the mater well . then he could be able to do the every work , assignments assigned to him . if the students understand the ideas and concepts then he is going to follow them and also trys to implement them in all the possidle ways , which could be a good consideration from his point . if the student only know the fact and he had not understand the concept of it then there is a possiblity that he is going to implement it in a way that is understand by him , which could makes the students overall decrement todays students are able to make up the coming society a good one only if they are able to understand the ideas and concepts for making good society instead of knowing the facts of good societys which are of no use at all . it is the duty of the parents in the home to develop the students attitude to understand the ideas and concepts of their culture and tradition well , without stating the facts , the rules of their culture and it is their responsibility to check that his son or daughter is able to understand their culture are they are able to implement them correct are not . similar works to be done by the teacher also he or she should be able to make the student know their duties well and the behavoiur to maintain in class instead of stating them . student will be able to give every thing of his efforts , energy so on only if the student is able to understand the ideas and concepts that are to be followed by him well . like analyzing a cocept are thinking of any mat
(GER,high) There are several advantages and disadvantages on this topic . Some people think that you can only have success when you take risks , on the other hand there are a lot of people who do n't think like they do . One of the advantages can be that you gain experience of trying something new . You cannot talk about it when you never made the experience . For example the last time i went to a restaurant and ordered lobster . I have never had lobster before , and I was afraid that the lobster would not be good . But it was not just good , it was great ! Furthermore , there are also disadvantages of being risky all the time . When you try out new things it can also happen that you get dissapointed . For Example when you buy a movie on dvd that you have never seen . After watching it you maybe regret your decision in buying this movie . But there are also advantages of doing `` already known '' things . No surprises , no catches , no strings . La Quinta for example , a well known hotel in the Southern States of America , makes commercial advertisement with this statement . So you know what the hotel is going to do to make your stay there as much comfortable as they can . On the other hand there is also the disadvantage that you cannot develop yourself by trying out new things . Though , you always stay on the same level . From this , i think there is not only one way to go . Sometimes you have to be spontaneous and try new things out , but it 's not always necessary . In my opinion , the best thing is to find a mixture between these two statements . I think that the `` middle way '' is always the best , do n't go for extremes .
(JPN,high) Successful people always challege new things rather than doing what they already know how to do . In other words , those who do not take risks will never succeed . First of all , people can get used to a variety of things if they always try new things . It would be helpful to communicate with a person whom they do not know at all because it is much easier for them to choose a common topic between them than for those who do not try new things at all . As communication is absolutely required to succeed in society , where peope live together , this is one of the reasons why people ought to try various things to succeed . In addition to that , people who always trying out for a lot of things are able to deal with unexpected situation . Since they try new things and have much more knowlegde than other people , it is more likely for them to be able to solve unexpected problems than others . Secondly , as a proverb says , failure is mother of success . Even successful people are just human beings . Thus , they do make mistakes and failure some times . By learning how to fail , however , they can make use of the experience for their next challenge so that they will not fail next time . Therefore , successful people need to be intellegent enough to convert their failure to success . Lastly , trying out for new things can bring opportunities to find a person 's possibility . It is not rare at all that a person finds what he is good at at age of thirty when he trys out for a new thing . My experience would support this idea . Currently , I am senior at high school . At the beginning year of the high school , I was so good at math that I recieved math award from math teachers . Thus , I was planning to major in math at university and college . Next year , however , I took the `` concert band '' class , which is a music class for brass and woodwind instruments . Since the beginning of the class , I have been very much into it , and I am right now well enough to be chosen for the top eight musicians of my school . This has totally changed my mind for future , and I am planning to major in music at an American university right now . What I mentioned here is that if I had not tried out for the music , I would not have found the possiblity of my music talent . In a way , I am now a successful person because I know what I can do well by learning from the challenge to the new thing . I am not going to stop trying out for new things , and I am now planning to do a lot of musical things , such as mixing , recording and composition . In conclusion , successful people always take risks and try new things to seek for their possiblity .
(SPA,high) When one decides to travel , one might think on the purpose that this intended travel is to take . When one travels on a leisure basis aspect it is up to the person itself to portray how he / she pictures such expriences to be covered . For example , if one plans to travel and visit Ancient Rome , Ancient Greece , Egypt etc , one might evaluate the option of having a tour guide . The tour guide , being a person that is familiar with such sorroundings will definitely take the person to visit and enjoy such famous landmarks that are worh traveling for . One has a pre-organized schedule of those places to be visited , therefore making great use of time . Everything is basically under control leaving time for excitement , satisfaction and fun . Most of the time , tour guides help the person learn and enrich themselves personally with specific accounts on the place that is being visited . It enriches one , not only educationally , but can also be plenty worth the time . On the other hand , when one decides to travel without a tour guide , one might be seeking , action , adventure , curiosity . On might intend to explore the sense of discovering things and places that has n't been seen before . Then again it is up to the person to `` get out there '' and find the things that will make a trip worthwhile and exciting . No one handles the travelers time except him/her . They decide where to go , how to get there and when to go , making it then more intrinsic and inspirational when its time to make the best of it and of course make the memories long-lasting and cherishable . So , when it comes to whether choosing or not a tour guide to accompany a traveler on its trip , it must depend on what the person seeks and strives to acknowledge , live and learn along the course of his / her exciting journey .
(HIN,high) I disagree with the statement and believe that specializing in one specific subject and being a master of that area is much better than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . In today 's complex world , each field or subject has become so complex that it requires more than a lifetime of dedicated effort to master that subject . Unless one gives that effort , his knowledge about that field remains only superficial . Specilization leads on to new frontiers . Unless we have specialists in various fields , it will be very difficult to come up with new discoveries and inventions . Each academic field has become so complex , it his highly improbable for a generalist today to come out with something new unless aided by chance or luck . Specialization also leads to confidence in one 's personality . If somebody is a specialist in his field , that person can be trusted to do that thing better than most people . He can be expected to take responsibility related to that field , so that other people can focus on their own specialist fields . Since a specialist is a master of his domain , he can pass on that information gained by investing time in one particular thing to the next generation . A generalist wont have the depth and would not be appreciated by his audience when he talks about any of his various known topics . There is no course in the world which gives degrees to students for having studied about 20 different fields . All the degrees offered by colleges all over the world focus on one or two areas of specialization . This itself proves the worth of specialization viz a viz general knowledge about various academic fields . If one looks around , almost all the successful people are masters in their domain . They know about one subject in detail and hence gain respect from their peers . Even a generalist post like the President of India is occupied today by a scientist who helped the country further its satellite program . There is a saying which goes like : `` Jack of all trades , and master of none '' . Unless we change it to `` Master on one '' or `` Master of some '' , it will continue to remain derogatory in its usage .
(TUR,medium) To have a knowledge of any academic subject is very important because we can learn how to think in an academic way with this type of study and thinking in that way make us to ask questions about anything in life . There is a lot of subjects to specialize but i would choose to specialize in only one specific subject and this can also help me to learn how to ask . Acoording to me , if you decide to learn something , you have to give all your energy to it , and this helps you to notice and understand every detail about the subject . Because every detail has a reason and these reasons take you to the profession on the subject . The point is , you have to understand and feel the sense of your subject . With studying the regular parts and then studying the details , you can achieve in any subject . Moreover , how much time you spend on your subject is the other important point . Due to the changes , you should keep on studying and develop your researches . If you decide to specialize in subjects more than one , it will be difficult to research all the meterials , actually details .. I can give a primitive example that i decided to apply for the conservatory in U.S. , and they want me to give a recital , take the Toefl andpass the musician placement examinations . First i started to study for all of them at the same time , but after a while i realize that i forgot some details about each subject , and start to study one by one . This helps me to finish all the work . Although i can not allienate myself from both sides , i would choose to study for only one subject and got the broad knowledge of it . I believe only this way can let you to have a dominant character studyingin academically .
(HIN,medium) I feel that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to speacialize in one subject . The current era is changing and developing fast . It is growing at a rapid pace and in this changing world , one needs to have information about everything and almost every field . I think that in this changing era , one has to have the knowledge of almost every topic and field . Human being is a social animal . He lives in a society where he meets several people from different streams . If he doesnt have any idea about other fields he cant even to talk to the persons he meets . He needs to have knowledge about the various streams . For example MAHATAMA GANDHI , a lawyer by profession had a diverse knowledge about various subjects . He was an excellent speaker , great dramatist and a great poet . He used all these skills to guide India to indepence . WIthout the knowledge of these subjects he could not have guidd India to indepence . One must have a broad knowledge of almost every subject . This is not only helpful in professional work , but also important for personal life . For example knowledge of geography can help one plan a vacation to an exotic location . Physics is used in our daily lives . Chemistry can be really useful to one . One can undersatnd the politics better . One can understand politics better if he has a knowledge of it . I support this opinion that knowledge of many academic subjects is better than knowledge of one specialized subject .
(FRE,medium) Youth is often considered as the best part of life . Youth means energy , projects , entertainment and happiness . Is it a reality ? I think that , in order to answer this question , young people 's problems must be showed . Youth is a period of tremendous stress and fears . Stress can be infered by responsabilities , in front of studies , social life , or studies . For example some cursus are extremely hard and stressfull . It is the case of medicine studies in France , or some businesses studies in Japan for example . Social life infered fears , because of competition for example . Young people want to do their best , but are often disppointed by life . For example , student social movement that France knew in the beginning of the year two thousands six show that young people , even when they have projects and are highly graduated , can feel fear about their future . My opinion is that young people often are more interessed in politics that their parents , because it is about their future . They understand their own situation , and their country 's situation . On the contrary , old people can enjoy life . More and more , old people can enjoy life , because they do not work anymore . They can do what they always dreamed to do . As a matter of fact , old people more and more travel , have good standart of living and entertain themselves . It is proved by sociologists that , in some regions , old people are happier than young people of the same region . Besides , it is now proved that old people help young people , by giving them money or allowing them to stay in their parent 's house whereas they already were living alone when they were young . it is an important evolution of society . Young people do not longer help their grandparents , it is the contrary . All those elements tend to show that young people do not enjoy life morethan old people do .
(GER,high) The statement I am going to deal with is ` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ' . I agree with the statement because an advertisement is meant to emphasize the positive characteristics of certain products and not to give a objective description . There are large companies which dedicate themselves to the research of human behaviour in order to analyse how to gain the interest of a huge amount of people for a product for instance in a TV commercial . They try to characterize people of different ages and different origins into interest groups and then figure out which interest group would be the most effective for selling the product to . Then they come up with a commercial that directly points at this very special interest group and that 's why members of this interest group are so attracted to the advertisement and think better of the product than it actually is . In order to emphasis my point I would like to give an example for a consumer who fell for that advertisement trap : Me . Two years ago when I still stayed at my host parents house in Washington I went to the baseball try-outs of my highschool because I never played baseball before . My host dad gave me one of his old baseball glove ( must have been about 40 years old ) and so I tried out . I had been a pretty good pitcher back in Germany so I thought it would be much of a problem to join the team ( at least the reserve team ) . Instead of showing my pitching skills the coach wanted me to catch a couple of balls with my glove . I tried to do so but I could n't really figure out how to use the old glove so the ball would actually stick in there . After the try-outs the coach told me to come back when I was was abel to catch properly with my glove . That day I saw a brand-new glove at a sport goods store . It was all black and had a faked autograph of saome major legue baseball player I never even heard of on it . The commercial sign right next to it said `` You gon ' catch every ball ! '' . My host dad told me it was overpriced but for about the next couple of days I went to that store and looked at that glove . After a couple days I finally decided on buying that glove . The next day I went out to the field with my host dad to play catch . I proudly told him that I was going to catch any ball . Actually I could n't catch anything . I 'm just a bad catcher , that 's what the 60 dollars I paid for the glove made me realize and showed , that most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are .
(JPN,medium) I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Young people . Generally , people say that the young have vivid eyes and the old have tired eyes . The young have many dreams and much time . On contrast , though the old have big money , they do not have much time remainer in their lives . Obviously , young can do anything in their lives and the old do limited lives . Young people have strong dream . Though young people have very long lives remained , the older have short lives . So , The older may mind how to live healthy , on contrast , the young mostly do not mind the their health . So , the young may not take easy performs . The young aquire little experience in their lives . So , they do not think about the afraid of the failure of their dreams completely when they carry out their dreams . On contrast , the old deeply consider about the actions of their dreams whether they will be injured or not at their safe future . Indeed , the old often have far more money than the young do . But , the young can work very hard and they can have a little money . The little money are enough for the young because the young seriously think that the dream and time are more worth than big money . So , young people enjoy their life more than the old do . Though the young must keep this good economy in the world , the young must protect the old , and the young must keep the peace in the world , the young have vivid eyes to their futures . I insist that the time which the young have is very important thing for all people . Everyone likes very good comfortable life . Some people like un
(KOR,medium) Nowadays , it is said that youngsters are not giving efficent time to help their communities . It could be partially true when we are looking at their lifestyles which are fully scheduled with a lot of academic studies and other physical activities but as long as I am concered with this issue , children these days are more contributed to their societies because of these reasons : higher accessibility and the way of getting credits . To begin with , it became much easier than ealier times for young people to get the access of the information to work for their communities . In my time , when I wanted to have volunteer job in the library in my home town , I had to visit every libraries in the town so as to find out if it is available or not . However , nowadays , the computer network enables everything to connect so easily so chidrens could surf the Internet to find appropriate information about finding out the organizations or communities which are in need of help . In addition , now it is becoming an essential for students to have volunteer record so to get higher credits which are needed for them to go into better schools . Until before 1990s in Korea , it was unneccessary for children to get social service credits , but now it has spread to all over the country to let the children work for their society and give them certifications which proves certain amount of time that they served for their communities . Whether they are willing to take the work or not , they have to make their contribution to their society and this made a lot of student became more involved in the social service work . To conclude , even though children have to spend tremendous time for study their own , they also work for their communities because they can get much more information about volunteer job openings than before through surfing the Internet , and also , anyway , they have to work in order to gain higher credits on social service which is vital these days to get into famous universities .
(SPA,high) Is innovation exclusive for succesful people ? Or so I would call my essay , as the way the exam question is phrased I could call two different answers : Yes , successful people try new things indeed , since they have the chance - sometime this represents a budget to play with - to do so . In our current world state in its ever-defining processes-for-everthing mania , the chance lies for certain individuals to look at things from a different angle . The innovation chance comes naturally to mature individuals and mature companies , since those are the ones that understand ( through living ) that a mature process produces predictive results . Given a experience-driven and refined process for making software it is possible for an Indian Consulting Company to predict how long will it take to develop a project , how much time the risks will take away from it and how much resources should it allocate to get the project going . Its due to a mature set of processes that companies like Bimbo can do just-in-time deliveries to every convenience store in its city . It is after embracing such level of maturity that an individual or a company can find room for improvement , room for trying different ways and expect different results . And , as I would call that level of maturity a certain degree of success I agree to the proposed statement . For my second answer however , I can answer `` No '' , for it is not an exclusive habit , as sometimes emerging little companies and individuals , virtually no-ones in the business world need a more agressive strategy . For these companies and individuals that have perhaps spoted a new target market or developed a brand new product , there 's no time to be doing things the long-term way , sometimes fail-proof or tested . Sometimes there is no room for mature processes where time is crucial , for these kind of individuals or companies , subject to these kind of conditions , is that I agree with the risk-taking deal , even when they know nothing of how to make something work and they have to start something from scratch .
(CHI,high) I oppose to the saying that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities because they are given more time and chances to help others in their communities and they indeed do so . The reasons also includes the fact that it is hard to define how much time for young people is `` enough '' in helping others in their communities . My opinion is that helping in communities , anyway , is not supposed to be the center of the life of young people . First of all , it should be noticed that more and more educational system take community service as a part of tasks that students have to do . By doing this , students , in fact , are given more time and chances to help others in their communities . And in reality , it works well in many systems . Take my personal experience as an example . In my high school , everyone has to choose at least one service called `` social service '' . Instead of having classes in afternoons , we go to local families , primary schools , immigrants centers to help others of the community . My social service is going to `` School of Peace '' every Friday afternoon and playing with the children there . My classmates and I spent a lot of time there last semester . Therefore , saying that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping communities is too general and regardless of the better reality . Secondly , some people might ask , `` how much time should young people spend in helping their communities ? '' It is hard to say and define . However , it is widely accepted that the focus of young people should be studying . If a youth does not have enough knowledge or skill , how can he or she help the others ? In their age , they are supposed to expose themselves to different fields of knowledge and take advantages from them . Later in their life , after they are fully educated , they will have chances , time and wish to devote themselves to helping others in their communities . To sum up , I think that now young people are spending a lot of time in helping their communities and the time is enough . On one hand , being involved in community service is becoming a part of education in increasing number of education systems . The youths are spending a lot of time in communities . On the other hand , the time that have been used by them to community service is enough already for the fact that learning is the primary task that they should focus on at their age anyway .
(SPA,medium) It 's very difficult to know how many cars there will be in twenty years , because there are some reasons that tell us that there will be more cars , but also there are reasons in the opposite way . I think it is more common and more easier to expect more cars in the future , because if you look for the number of cars twenty years ago you will be able to see that there were fewer cars than today , If this tend continues , there will be a lot of cars on our streets . The problem is that tend cannot continue forever because we have not resorts enough to create and keep them alive . And also we have no space for that cars . For example , I have a car but I 'm thinking of selling it because it 's impossible for me find a place where put it . Another reasons to expect an increase of the number of cars in the next twenty years , is the decrease of the prize of a car . Nowadays everybody or almost everybody is able to buy a car . But this is not completly truth because this part of the world is richer each day but the other part of the world is very poor and they do n't buy and produce any car . Another reason is the tend of this world . I think that comunication is now the more important thing . You always have to travel because of your work or to visit people in other parts of the world , and you need something to transport yourself . This fact multiplies cars ' sails . But this reason also have the opposite effect , because now trips are so much longer than last years and you do n't do anything with a car , you need take airplanes or trains , but not cars . In conclusion , on the one hand people need cars and there will be a lot of cars on the street , but on the other hand future will require other ways of transport . Future requires public transport , and we should promove it . So in my opinion , there will be fewer cars in twenty years but there will be a lot of cars yet .
(GER,high) I agree with the statement . For a students , it seems more important to me to understand ideas and concepts seems than to learn facts . Nevertheless , I do not underestimate the value of the latter , although overall I think understanding ideas and concepts is for two reasons a more appropriate way to response to life 's challenges than studying mere figures . First , we are facing an increasingly complex world today , and understanding concepts might prove to be better help in reacting to this complexity . Information and technologies are changing rapidly , as our knowledge about the world advances . Knowledge is very flexible nowadays . For example , facts about medical problems or genetic diseases can change within months . The same applies to the growth of new achievements in healing patients who suffer from , to give another example , cancer . This implies , that the ability to understand ideas and concepts gains more importance today than in the past , since it does not `` expire '' , as facts and figures , which we once learned , do . But not only the factor of expiration of some facts makes them less useful for students to tackle problems with . It is also important to provide students with tools which can help them work in different situations . Concepts and ideas might be applicable to more than one situation , and in this respect they are different from facts which apply to single situations and problems . Understanding these ideas seems to be useful to learn how to solve problems in general . On the other hand , learning facts and figures of course is important to have some basic knowledge about the world . Comparing problems , that once arose , with current ones might help us understand the matter in a more comprehensive way than otherwise , and in some cases it might even help us to develop innovative solutions . To conclude , it is both important for students to understand ideas and concepts and to to learn facts . Nevertheless , I think that students should concentrate on understanding ideas and concepts , which are applicable in different times and situations , whereas facts and figures might expire and only apply to a certain context .
(KOR,high) Successful people in the history became famous and successful because they invented new things or they found out something that no one knew . Those people did not just do it because they were very intelligent but their eager to experiment and really putting their ideas to action help them become successful and famous . If one try new things , he will have more chance to find something new that will help the world to become better place which means successful . Thomas Edison , inventor of light bulb , was very curious boy so he would be all over the place trying wierd things that no one every tried . For example , one day his mom found him in their barn on the hays where chichens lay their eggs . So his mom asked him was he was doing and he said he was keeping the eggs warm for the chicken . That was the start of his curiousness . He would try everything to solve his questions . So he found the light bulb and the reputation made him successful and famous . In the recent time , Steven Jobs , owner of the Mac , is one of the example who became famous by trying new things and taking the risks . When he was in high school he was not interested in studying but he enjoyed working with machines . So in young age , he started working with machines and computers . His friend and Jobs tried to make their own computer but they could not get the perfect one in first time but taking a risk of getting money and criticisms from people around they finally made a personal computer . So they named it Apple . They are now very well known for making first personal computers . Jobs still try to make his company better by taking ristks like trying totally different things like iPod . In 21st century , new and creative is more affective than ` stick to what we had ' idea . Successfulness does not only happen in technological field but also in fashion industry . Coco Chanel is well-known designer from Europe . One of the reason she became so famous is that she actually took risk and tried new style in women 's daily wears . About 40-50 years ago , womens never thought about wearing pants or suits since it was more of men 's thing but Coco Chanel actually invented pants suit for women to wear . It was a big sensation during that time for women to wear pants . But women during that time felt that just by wearing pants made them feel less seperated from the society and less valued . Chanel could have failed totally because the idea of women wearing pants could not have been accepted but she took the risk and actually made it happen . If she did not tried new idea , I will be wearing big puffy dress now . Taking risk and trying new things could hurt you if you do not succeed but succeeding will not happend when you try new things . Coco Chanel in fashion industry , Steven Jobs in computer industry , Thomas Edison in light bulb industry , they all succeed and became famous because they tried new ideas and new things and also took risk of failing . Without trying , there is no chance given to you to become successful .
(JPN,high) Nowadays there are lots of selections or attractions for young people to spend their leisure time . I agree with this resolusion that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . My primary reason is that they are indifferent from their communities . Especially where I live , in Tokyo Japan , young people are not interested in their enviroments . We do not know even our neighbors . It is totally different from the old era in which people used to help each other . In this era , we have the system , what is called , Goningumi . It consists of 5 neighbors . This 5 menbers must help each other . For example , at funeral the neibors have to be receptionists and make dishes for comers . This way of thinking to compensate each other still remains in my hometown , but it is definetely decreasing . The communication among people is getting lower and lower obviously . It might be because of the invention of internets . We do not need to communicate neighbors actively . We can buy or enjoy thorough the internet even in case of emergency . The core family is also the evidence for their indeffrence . They like small group . Another reason is that the system of society can not allow them to help their communities . I mean that young people have to aquire the up-date skills to catch up with the improvement of the computer . The content and how to use new software is developing day by day . Then they tend to consentrate on studying at home , and consuquently they do not have enough time to help their communities even if they are willing to . For these reasons , I agree that young people nowadays don not give enough time to helping their communities . This might be because of us . We had better encourage them to devote our community more .
(HIN,medium) Enjoying life is living it happily and getting actively involved into it further taking happly what it offers to us , with firm determination , Accourding to me i believe that for enjoying life there is no age limit and even old people can enjoy life equally as that a youth enjoys . Initially for enjoyment in the life you need to be part of the activities which provokes happiness and give the feeling of enjoyment . I remember that my grand father would actively participate in all festivals and use to enjoy the life with us Further more he use to enjoy more than us because he was much older than us and has more experience .. Seconldy certain enjoyments such as walking around garden and watching beautiful trees , hanging out with friends , watching movies are not restricted to age even old people can enjoy them Furthermore we notice that older people enjoy most when then are in group and had more stable group where they share their emotions or even they make funs of each other and also there is less chance of fitting with each other , means there is only enjoyment Some may argue that as they had grown old they cannot do much phisical activities of enjoyment such as playing outdoor games , swimming and many more such activities . But some peoples may not regard this activity as an enjoyment and it is not that young peoples play outdore games it is been proved that old peoles also activily participates in outdore events but with some limitations . But the botom line is that they enjoy the life being part it . Therefore accourding to me there is no age liment for enjoyment and even old peoples can enjoy the life by participatind into different events of life and hanging out with friends or even watching nature .
(ARA,low) I agree with this statement which says `` must advertisement make products seem better than really are . '' For example when I are go to a sopermarct store I usully look at a Known brids . It seem better but when I start to use it I reallize that the old one is much better . Here in the USA every day you can see a new advertisement . like `` Gigou '' the enshorance company . I have an experince with this company in my last accident . I told them I want to get cash instade of fixing me my car but they rifuse . Than after tow monthes the took about same stution in thier ad . I did n't keep my mouth shout . When I have return they told me no we ca n't give the money to you . frome that time I hated to see ads in TV . second reasone I thik it 's the ads job to make products seem better so the consumer change his idea and use this product . after that they made more and more money . that explan why I gree with that statment .
(TUR,high) I do n't agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Even though young ages looks like the best times for enjoying life , very few young people are aware of that . They just try to solve the vast problems of growing at that ages . But older people gain wisdom with time and have the ability of enjoying life . A lot of people 's memories about their young ages are full of problems and struggles of life . At least mine is like that . Because young age means growing and not only your age grows but also your responsibilities grow . You do n't have the time to enjoy life . You have homeworks , girl/boy friends and a family to deal with . And it is not an easy task for you because you have learn from the beginning . If ever you manage to overcome the problems of young age , you do n't have the necessary wisdom to enjoy life . On the other hand , old ages are the best times for enjoying life . The very struggles that kept you away from enjoying life is gone . There may be some problems but at old ages people have wisdom and experience to deal with these new problems . And wisdom brings happiness . Old people look life in a different perspective than young people . They know that life is not just a constant struggle . In a way they make peace with everything ; themselves , other people , and the life itself . So , I think that old people enjoy life more than young people . Young ones do n't have necessary wisdom to enjoy life but people eventually gain wisdom by time and learn how to enjoy life . So old people enjoy life more than
(SPA,medium) Media and advertisement have one goal : to promote and sell their product . This directly implies that they need to make their product attractive , which is sometimes not the truth . To make their product or service attractive , they need to make the consumer , the client , the fixed public , feel like they need it or want it . Yes i believe that most advertisements need to make products seem better than what they truly are . Special skills are needed in different areas to make a product more attractive . You need a publicist , who will advertise the product where it would find the most adequate public for the product . The people that are more probable to buy it . You also need a promoter , who is not much different than the publicist , or an advertiser , whose sole purpouse is to sell it . whether he needs to luy or transofrm the truth about the object , not doing so would make him unworthy of his job . You also need a technician , a designer , a whole team that can create the right material for the publcist to be able to promote the good . This can be teh photographer that take sthe pictrue of the object as well as the person behind the computer that edits the photo so it can appear even appealing to the eye . Yes there are also many aspects of teh object to improve for it to be able to sell . Such as making it appealing to the widest public possible . You also need to make it attractive to eye , so that when the client sees it he can imagine himself using it or simple having it . the photo or video has to make the object look beautiful . My point is that there are whole study fields , technical teams , and careers that specialize in making thing seem much better than they are . If there are classes that teach how to do so this statement must be true . And if careers are offered in such fields than it 's becaus etehy need professionals .
(SPA,medium) I disagree with the statement becuase young people have some times a better way to express their emotions , in some cases they have more energy than older people but , it does n't mean that older people lacks energy to express what they feel about life , it just a natural behavior that older people are more reserved than young people on expressing emotions . Older people knows the great value that life means , that is why I belive that older people really know how to enjoy life . Perhaps they have in their mind diferent types of problems or diseases they always try to be positive in those adverse situations . Young people does not matter about some aspects that older people have in mind so they can express more easily their actitudes related with life , but they can not visualize all the time they have lived and they can give a true value about life means , while older people have lived specific situations , problems that many times they affront , this types of situations gives a more complete think or sense in what life means . I consider that older people in some ways are considered person that are not usefull anymore , and this is a wrong statment that many young people have in their minds . Older people are great teachers of life , youth people needs to be more related with older people is a good form to find the true meaning of life . For instance , older people can help with their knowledge and their skills to young people on difficult situations , and advise is always accepted if became from an expert or a person who had lived an specific situation . Perhaps older people in some need to fight with special situations like diseases , demise of a relative , economic issues , they always tried to give a positive actitude to people , and they also give an idea that perhaps all of their problems they enjoy their life as much as they were young .
(HIN,medium) Technology is the need of the hour . Man has made a lot of progress in the last 10years . What else will be posssible in th e nextt 20 yaers nobody knows . But personally feel and disagree with the statement that there will be much fewer cars in use 20 years down the line than there are today . first reason being technology would have made progress but not so much that people would give up going around cars . Cars may well become hi - tech but still it would be a basic neccissity of all people . Car is mode of tranport which everyone finds easy t o go around in It possible that due to advancement in technology mainataining a car could become cheaper , which would in turn increase the number of people using cars . Today many peolple are very poor they don ' t have enough money to to buy food , but 20 years from now they may have enough money to buy car . Thus cars will not become fewer but may increase . Anothher reasson being people today love to drive to thier work places , and i doubt they wolud want to give up this even after 20 yaers . A car is such a wonderful creation of the human mind , using which one can traverse the distasnce between l
(SPA,high) The question of whether it is better to have little knowledge in lots of subjects , or to have lots of knowledge in a specific subject , has been a theme of discussions for many years , specially for students . I personally agree with the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' , but only up to a certain point . If a person has broad knowledge of many subjects , he will be able to talk to other people about this subjects and develope a conversation about the topic . If the person has knowledge in only one subject , he will only be able to develop conversations about that specific subject , therefore there will be less people he will be able to talk to . Also , a person with a broad knowledge in many subject can be seen as a better overall prepared and informed person . He could be able to understand news , for instance , better than a person who does n't know what 's being talked about because it 's not his subject . On the other hand , specialized knowledge has its advantages . In a job interview for a specific carreer , for example , the person with more knowledge in the area will definetely be chosen over the person with less knowledge in the area and more overall knowledge . Thus the specialized knowledge guy can make a better living . Also with more knowlegde on a specific subject you can discuss the subject with another person in , just about , all possible details . As we can see , both statements have their pros and contras . My personal opinion and recomendation to anyone is to have both : a broad knowledge in many subjects and lots of knowledge in a specific one . If so , you can defend yourself in any subject and be the best you can be in a particular one . That 's also why I agree with the school systems that teach broad knowledge in many subjects up to a certain point of maturity , or level reached , and then let one decide in what subject one wants to specialize . I think it is the best way to prepare people to live in such a complex society , like the one we live in today .
(KOR,low) I agree with that successful people always try new things to do and take risk rather than only doing what they already know to do well . As we can see them , most of the them are very advantureous people this fact makes they are very special , and successful people . Successful people likes adventure . One of the famous inventor Eddison likes advernture . He always tried to get new things that other people do n't know yet . Before he invented the light ( electricity ) , he has thousand times of lab for invent the light , evne his lab room was burned down , he never forgive up and enjoy the advent They has a unique think that is we ca n't even imagine that . Eddison was kind of unique child when he was young . He thought the eggs are hetching if he makes them warm so he hugged the eggs for a while . This story is very famous story about his childhood . as we can see , he was not a normal child and does n't have a normal thinking likes other children . That kind of unique thinking makes a person going to be different than others .
(ARA,medium) It apears to be more obvious that young people , especialy childern , enjoy thier life more that older people . That fact depends on many reasons . Here are some of them wich i would like to disscus , children have no responsibilty , older preople are wiser , and finaly children have all the time they need and more . the fact that children have no responsibilities makes them carefree , no careless , but carefree where they can do watever they want and all they have to do is learn form thier mistakes . learning is the easy part as there are no consiquenses . As for the older people they have dun all the learning that is required and now all thier actiong have consequenses , and no matter how tough the consequenses are , the adults have to face them and pay for thier mistakes , which they have learned of before . It is also harder for older people to enjoy their time because they are the ones teaching and taking care of the children that have yet to learn and understand , so while the children have no resposibility but to learn , the adults are responsible for their acitons as well as they are responsible for the children . It is proven that most of the enjoyable things to do are considered rong and imature . older people or adults are expected to be more mature that children and therefor they are not alowed or more precisly not expected to do these imature things , which everyone finds more fun . The children on the other hand are their to prove that the grown ups are more mature , the children do nothing but imature things wich they enjoy , but eventualy they are bownd to learn form the adults , who are more mature , that these enjoyalbe imature acitons are not permited and rong . While older people start to realise that they have less time , to make something of their lives , than they had , they start to focuse more on their careers and they devote all thier time to thier work and jobs . Not noticing that they could be spending that time enjoying their presuse time . Children in that case have nothing to worry about , for they have all their lives ahead of them and they have a lot of time left . they do not think that they are running out of time so they just simply enjoy life , and not wasiting any of it . It is clear that children enjoy life more than older people , even though adults could enjoy thier lives almost just as much as children if they want to . Adults are always spending time teaching children about life , when it 's the children that could teach grown-ups a lot about how to live life and enjoy it completly .
(TEL,medium) Altough the main aspect of the life is enjoyment and happiness , i strongly agree with the spekers statement . the enjoyment in the life can change many situations and most part of the life depends on happiness because of the results that come what we have expected . there are many reasons and examples to strenthen my statement that young people enjoy lot in there life rather than older people . Firstly , the young people mostly enjoy there life in college education because there will be no burdens on them and they try to spend most of the time to enjoy life . for example , they offen go to picnic 's or tours when they are free and another is there will no stress or tension in there younger life and most enjoyable time for youger ones is , when the expected results will acheive in there life . Secondly , the enjoyment will be more in younger people rather than older people . for example , they frequent go to the tours and go to the pictures because they are not having any burdens and responsibilities like older people . since i am young i know the enjoyment of life in these stage . another example is that they enjoy a lot when there is any adventures or any thrilling work they do means , by driving a car or rock climbing persists there enjoyment . Thirdly , i state that the older people can also enjoy there life but not as much as young people do . because the older people will have many responsibilities such as , maitain family , office work this excludes them enjoyning most part of the life even though if there is any enjoyment in the older people they will enjoy in much decent manner but the younger ones will enjoy a lot . Finally , the conclusion that most younger ones are enjoying because they dont have any social responsibilities like older people but the enjoyment and happiness in life will bring a lot of change to make a good life .
(KOR,medium) Youth is the most precious of time in Life I totally believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Yong people have proper physical conditions to enjoy outdoor sports , passinate to learn uncertain areas and they are more open minded to the world . First of all , physically young people have better conditions than older people . For example , young people can enjoy outdoor sports such as bungy-jumps , skydivings and mountain climings . Even though older people eagar to join thoes things their body is not able to work out it . Second of all , young people passinate to learn something new . When they notice something unfamilliar things they are curious about it and study or learn them becase they have a passion to do something new . For example , when I , 26 femal , heard web 2.0 at the first time , I tried to find out what is the web 2.0 and how can i adjust that . If i am old , I may not be concern about web 2.0 . Last but not least , young people are more open minded than older people . Usually , older people have many experiences through their whole life that they might have full of fixed ideas . It means that for them nothing is fresh that they cannot enjoy every moment . However , young people are more easy to make new friends , less fixed idea about politics , people and histories . Open mind is one of the most important material to enjoy life . In my conclusion , even older people have their own joyment of life , young people could enjoy life better than older people . Young people have full of passions , open minded and they have perfect physical conditions to enjoy life as long as they are young . * web 2.0 - new generation about internet style like wikipedia which is user bu themselves give the ideas or informations on the web site .
(JPN,medium) I strongly agree this statement . I think sucessful people means people received reputation , money , status and so on for rewarding what they 've done good for the society . The things which society appreciates are something simply new or something which gives society new value or new perspective . so it has to be in some way new - no one else found the same way before . If I define sucess 's meanig as above , people need to be brave to take risk to find `` new '' . and I think only doing what they already know how to do well is not enought to find new . They might find something new by chance , but it is not enough to succeed . For examle , we can say Wright brothers in Europe , who are famous for invention of airplaine , `` Successful people '' . They are still remembered by people for what they 've done for so long time . They took a risk of dying by failing to fly and looking insane by doing something which nobody else had done before As a results , they found something new - how to fly by airplaine . This is the typical success by trying new things and taking risks . And I believe these attitudes are essential for anyone to be successful people . For another example , in our society , if we pick up someone who are well-known - Bill Gates , Calros Gone and so on . If we read the biography of them , it tells us how they found their way and received reputation . They do n't afraid to fail . Even if they fail , they never give up and stick to their motivation to explore new things and never stop taking risks . History tells u
(CHI,low) It seems difficult to choose one oppinion , becuse they are also have colorful life between the young people and the older people , but it does not mean , they are similar to me . I would like to agree with the young people enjoy life more than older people do , if a personal quality is can considerated as criterion to choose things . First of all , in nowadays , era of information , many of young people enjoy their life via the internet , even everything possiblly in the digital industy . For example , if a grandson of the older people live abroad , and the communication between the grandson and the grandfather is only via the telephone instead the internet online chatting what is cheaper than the international telephone call , but the older people can not use the internet even can not use computer . On the other condition , the young people can adapt anything quickly , so that they can migrate to another city for the different experience . most of older persons can not accept the different enviroment and what they will eat in the different areas , if the older person migrate to other citys or countries , they will be illness easiler . The important things determine the young people enjoy life better is that they are educated in the signifcant era of information , so they are developed with the world development . For all mentioned above is why I agree with the staement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Now , I do strongly agree with the statement .
(SPA,medium) Have you ever noticed how young people enjoy their life and how older people do in this twenty first century ? I agree that every person contains his/her own style of how to enjoy life . It is not a matter of age . Different stages of life bring different patterns of how to do it . In this eassay I wil explain in a positive manner both how young and older people could live their own life regardless of age . Firstly , young people usually love to enjoy their life intensently . For example , once the turn 18 years old , which is the legal age in order for them to get indenpendent , they like to go out with their friends , and dance all night ( if it is possible ) . In addition , they could get their driver license exam , by doing this they will be able to buy their own car , which also make them feel more independent . Moreover , they may be healthy sufficient in order for them to join different type of sports , that really require to be in optimal health condition . Secondly , older people have their unique way of enjoying their own life . For instance , there is a certain age that an old person love to make some planns . A 65 years old couples , will enjoy to be in a quite envirement while they are having a romatic dinner . If they plann to celebrate every marriage anniversary , they will choose a restful hotel where they would not be disturbed by any type of noise . On the other hand , a young person will look for another type of envirament . Furthermore , older people will not have a good health condition , which will limit them to be more creative . However they will still enjoy form several activities that do not require them to be that healthy . For example , they could spend time swimming , playing golf , and playing cards . In conclusion , I am strongly conviced that the age does not affect how people could enjoy their life . There is multiple manners of how to do this . Even though not every person has a healthy condition , there is always a way of how to enjoy a life .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the following statement . It is important for students to understand ideas and concepts , rather concentrating on facts . Facts are a deriavative of ideas and concepts . You learn Science through theoritical and practical approach , either of these alone cannot do the job . Take Physics , you learn numerous formulas , understand the concept and ideas behind it , then only you can put it into practical use for society . When you apply a certain formula or method you get facts and figures which you can tabulate and store for further use and bring out new results . For proper application of a theory or hypothesis a student should be clear of the concepts and ideas then only he will be able to think creatively , logically , practically and may end up adding new dimension to it or even challenge a fact . A better understanding or concept and ideas will lead to greater understanding of the subject . Concepts and ideas are the foundation stone of Science , whether it be quantum physics or cell division . Science is everywhere and every activity is related to it , from gardening to rocket science so it should be based on concepts so that student development is such that at an advanced stage he is able to relate things , apply his/her scientific knowledge and do other productive things . Facts are also necessry but only after concepts and ideas . facts are the contraints present . Knowing or unknowing a fact will not effect the end result , but will effect the process . Facts are secondary they should be emphasised on only after knowing the caocepts and ideas right . For better learning environment , competetiveness , application and for the cause of Science concepts and ideas are to be induced in the students . This can be done only with mutual coordination between students and teaching community for a
(JPN,low) Althought , some people think group tour is better , the best way to travel is in a indivisual for me . There are two reasons : freedom and flexissiveness . First , In a typical group tour , we are regurated by a tour guide . It means that we have to act as a tour guide demand . For instance , if we want stay some plces more long time , this hope would n't be came true . Fathermore we may be always urged in a harry . Thus , we have no freedom in a group tour . Second , we can make schedule freely . We can put into many places want to go . Moreover we can spent our time as we want . And we do n't need to mind time and others behaviors . For exsample , if you want to vist the place not famous which is not listed on the guide book , but intereresting for you , you can ask the place to thelocal people or ask taxi driver to drive us there . Through this , you can comunicate with local people who are not conectted with any benefits and experience the way the local people ardinaly do . Thus , I would choose
(TUR,medium) Advertisements of commercial products serve as means of distributing information among consumers . Consumers derive information about products ' quality , terms of use and price via advertisements . Nonetheless , it may be argued that advertisements open a door to abuse their feature of distributing information in the sense that they may make goods seem much better than they actually are . First of all , it should be seen that any possible misusage of advertisements is due to competition among firms which try to survive and generate profits as much as possible . For this particular reason , it is obviously unreasonable for a firm to make misleading advertisements . Because , this will consequently yield the result that experienced customers , who bought the product by trusting the advertisement , will not buy again the same product since the firm and its products are not reliable anymore . Therefore , it is irrational and unexpected to come across with misleading advertisements as long as firms tend to survive for long periods of time . Furthermore , regulatory agencies exist in most of the countries to prevent such advertisements if they are ever brought up by extremely myopic and short-sighted enterprises . Thus , advertisements , which are supposed to be deceiving , can rarely fill the legal requirements . As a conclusion , number of advertisements , which are supposed to make products seem much better then they really are , should be expected to very low , if they exist at all . Because , such advertisements are neither wise and profitable options for firms in the long run nor legal in many countries .
(SPA,medium) During the life there are differents periods and ages which each of one improve wider differances . The point of view of each period depens on the life experience , the good or bad look , and how we take the events . Becouse of the needs are totaly differents among ages . When we are child . Our enjoyment is exploring the word wich is around us . We could get enjoy with tyni things . But the afreids are the most biggest in our life , the unknowledges things makeing us frezze . In this period we do not worry for studying , working or earning money . It is funny . I agree that it is the best age for enjoy . The adolescents use to enjoy launching at the adventure . They do not take a safe measures . The tool for enjoying is to be rebeld . Their worries are their apperance and how they good look . The headache is the study . They do not afraid for tyni things they feel that they can mange the in whole world . They have not always been accepted in the society for being problematic and for driving crazy at theirs parents . They are noisy people . At the end for adults use to be totaly different . They get enjoy by other way . Spend time with the family , go to quiet vacation , read a good book , go to a orchestal concert , work at home , do the house work , are ones of the activities wich adults prefer to enjoy themselves . While the young people dance in a noisy disco they take a coffe with some old friends . I thing that each individuo enjoy in the best way for him . It is no matter what we do for getting . The time is short a we must to spend for being happy and make happy at the people . it is funny do it . The creation of good is the ca
(GER,high) I agree with the statement that advertisements often make the product appear better than it really is -- but I would claim that this is hardly surprising if one considers the function of advertisement . Basically , advertisement serves two purposes : to inform the consumer of the product 's existence , and to motivate him or her to purchase the product . The advertiser 's intention is to sell the product , not to provide comprehensive details about pros and cons . Thus , advertisement will aways focus on the positve aspects of a product and omit any negative ones . Truth-in-advertising laws and consumer protection organizations will prevent fraudulent claims and gross misrepresentations of the true product , but advertisements usually still take a few liberties . A famous example is a scene from the movie `` Falling Down '' in which the main character is enraged by the fact that a fast food restaurant depicts a hamburger as large and succulent , while the product he gets is flattened , mushy and disgusting . Of course , the film exaggerates , but seldom does one find processed food to look as appealing in reality as it does in adverts or on boxes . Usually , small notices such as `` serving suggestion '' exempt the manufacturer from liability . Another means by which products are made to look better in advertisements is the modification of context . For example , many car adverts show the car driving at high speed through a desert or such , with the driver being completely relaxed and casual . While this makes the car look more appealing , reality with its speed limits and heavy traffic makes it unlike that one will actually max out the vehicle in such a manner . This all might seem like a consumer watchdog 's nightmare , but one must always bear in mind the function of advertisement , as I have already mentioned . It just is , by definition , a one-sided view with a certain purpose -- selling . To assume it to be something else -- a valid , unbiased source of information -- would be fallacy . It remains the consumers ' responsibility to compare and evaluate , based on independent reviews and the like , when choosing a product .
(HIN,high) To specialize in one specific subject is really very useful , but in my opinion it is always better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects in this competetive world to excell in life , i.e `` Jack of all trades master of none '' . Specialist are people who specializes in one specific subject and have a very detail information of that subject , so he can excell in fields which is only concerned with his subject moreover having a detailed knowledge of the subject will provide him with and extra advantage of doing research in his subject . Whereas a person who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects will be unable to go ahead and work in details in any particular subject . But in this highly developing world , where developements are going at a very fast pace it always happen that to invent something it requires people who have knowledge of various subjects rather than being a specialist . e.g I am a student of of Mechnical Engineering very much interested in my subject and looking forward to pursue a career in mechanical engeering . But in an industry many things goes on , many mechanical processes are combined wiyh electrical processes to get some result so it will beneficial for myself to have the knowledge of the electrical process to have a complete understanding of the complete procees . Secondly it is also an advantage of a person with a broad knowledge of many subjects that he can select his career from a wide variety of choices and not just confining himself to a particular subject or field . So summarizing the points i would like to favour the point that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , because knowledge of many subjects is reqiured to get the total information .
(TEL,medium) Its quiet realistic to say that after twenty years there can be more cars in use than today . Its not agreeable with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use after twenty years because of several worth notable reasons behind it . Firstly , the increase of the population and the earning capabilties of the individuals . The percapita income of any individual is increasing day-by-day . So , with the increase of the percapita income of the individual the sale of the cars areb also increasing and also the increase of population increases the growth sales of cars which are basic means of transport in the form of taxis , cabs e.t.c . Secondly , the new technologies attracting the people with their new designs and making better efficient engines makes the people buy these cars . One more reason to attribute is that these Automobile companies introducing the two-seater cars into the market have attracted a large number of middle class people to buy these cars . The other reasons may be - so many new car companies emerging and attracting people and also the older or the faded stocks of the cars tempts the decline of the rates/costs of these cars , which enables all kinds of people to have a car . Neverthless of very high cost of some cars , some people try to own them because having a car of very high prize like the SUV 's , the Porsche or the Mecedes-Benz is a symbol of prestige in the society . So , in view of all the above reasons one can agree or come to a conclusion that in the coming future , it may be twenty years or some hundred years there is no chance of decline in the usage of the cars .
(FRE,high) Even if I agree with one aspect of the subject , I disagree with an other . Let me explain . When you learn many different things in many different subjects , it makes you having very interesting discussions and debates when you meet people for example . When the people you meet get interested in what you say , or when they see that you are understanding what they say on specific issues , they will appreciate you and what you are saying . When you are specialised on one specific subject , people will think that you are very smart and that you know a lot of things , but they wo n't always be interested in what you say . For example a specialised botanist who will talk during hours about flowers to someone who is n't interested in it , will seem to be a boring person . Someone who knows many things will have more different friends . There are also jobs where you need to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . For example , journalists are expected to know many different things on different topics , they would n't have time to get all this knowledge if they had to get specialised . I cannot imagine a journalists who would n't know some things about politics , sports , history etc . On an other hand being specialised , means knowing almost everything about an issue . When you work or learn at school with people who share the same interests , they will appreciate all the things you know . When someone has a passion in one field , why would he need so much knowledge in other subjects . Finally , at school it is better to have a broad knowledge of many subjects because if you 're good at one and not in an other subject , you will fail your general exams and do the same class one more year , whereas when you are specialised in one subject it is good but it is not enough . So even if I understand both opinions , I do more agree with the first one which says that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
(HIN,medium) Some people might say that knowledge of many academic subjects is better , rather than to specialize in one specific subject . I believe that one should surely posess knowledge about various subjects but its better to specialize in one specific subject for many reasons . Firstly , students are taught many academic subjects in the college but when they pass out and look for a job , they are asked to prove skills in one specific field . For example an MBA student can choose specialized courses while he is studying like Marketing , Finance , International Business and Information Technology . This helps the student to choose the field he is going to work in the future . A software development company would always prefer to hire a student who had taken up Information Technology as specialized course during college as its expected that he would understand the work better which he is expected to perfom during his job . Secondly , it helps students to take up courses in which they are good at . For example a student might not do well in most subjects in college but they would be good in one . So they should be given an oppurtunity/liberty to decide the field they are most interested in studying and making a career . Few students are weak in mathematics but it does n't matter to them if they are good in political sciences and they want to make a career in politics or administative services . I have even come accross few parents who give their children the liberty to choose they career goals or a specific field of education , no matter if they are n't doing well in most of the academic subjects . In conclusion , I would like to express disagreement for a person to possess broad knowledge of many academic subjects . After all if a person is `` jack of all trades , master of none '' he would not be able to work in this competitive world which exists today .
(SPA,high) I am totally agree . In elementary school teachers show an old way to learn about everything , specially areas of study like history , literature , geography , philosophie or civism has taken by students like a bunch of names , dates and facts that they have to memorize . Nowdays I figured out that memorize facts is not the best way to understand . In Graduate School I had the oportunitie of take a lot of understandable classes that I can still remember . The best way to learn and understand at the same time is doing more than one reading , consult more than one book or one opinion about something so you can have more than one point of view . For example , if I have to investigate about Modern Architecture may be I can talk about La Ville Savoye of Le Corbusier in Poissy , France , 1929 . But the only thing I am doing there is taking some information that already exist and writing it down in my paper . That is just a transcription . But in stead of that if I try to understand the philosophical fundaments of the Modern Movement , the reasons of Le Corbusier that made him design a diferent kind of building ( never seem untill that year ) and explain the origins and reasons of this architecture I will surely explain to everybody , including mysefl the results of my investigation making not just remember it but know the who , when , and most important of al , the why . So I definitly think it is more important for students ( and for life if you think a little more about it ) to understand ideas and concepts . It is known that a good student is the one who can explain himself all kind of concepts that the one who just has memorized a lot of information that ast least its worthless .
(TEL,high) Cars are the major means of transportation in most of the developed countries of the world . This is the result of the advancement in the technology and the efficiency of the cars . In the developing countries trains , busses are the primary means of transport within the country . With the increase in the population the number of cars on the roads has increased . This has caused a lot of trafic issues . The rising gas prices has also added to the existing car population on the roads . The number of accidents on roads has increased enormously out of proportions . Nowadays there are potential life threatening situations travelling by car than any other means . More people are delayed to work because of the increasing trafic even on the highways . Some are unfortunate enough to miss even their interviews . So most people think that there will be fewer cars in use than ther e is today . I personally think that it is true . Though there are plenty of reasons to say no to cars , it has its own advantages . We do n't have to wait in long hours after missing a bus , train or a plane either . The car journey is more comfortable . We can take breaks in the rest areas and relax ourselves during a journey . Sometimes we even donot feel the journey 's tiredness . Its also less expensive . We will be able to manage our kids more easily in cars than on busses . With the help of modern technology we can make them watch their favourite cartoons or movies during a car travel . When I consider the advantages of cars I get confused about my opinion . I think that people are facing my present situation of using cars as their future means of transport . But with the rising gas prices and trafic congestion my opinion is to choose bus over cars . Hence I conclude that there might be fewer cars than today after twenty years .
(CHI,high) It is sometimes difficult to discuss people 's views on the way of travelling because it is such a multifaceted topic . Some tend to think that there are many merits to travel by their own plans while others say it is better to be led by a tour guide . I have developed my own opinions on the topic . I favor the latter position over the former for several reasons , and I would like to explore two of the conspicuous ones in the following passages . First of all , if we are led by a guide , we do not have to spend a great amount of time considering where to go and how long to stay . The guide has already arranged the schedule for us . As a result , all we have to do is follow the schdule and have a good time . For instance , when I was a junior high student , my parents and I went to Singapore led by a tour guide . The tour guide was so familiar with the country that she introduced us everything about Singapore . Needless to say , we visited the most important spots in the country . All of us really appreciated the tour guide for such a wonderful trip . Second thing that must be taken into consideration is that we are likely to make new friends in the group . It goes without saying that it is very boring when we visit some interesting places without friends . In the group , we can make good friends with one another and share all the happiness on the trip . For examples , on the travel to singapore , my new friends and I played together day and night . They did bring me a lot of fun during the trip . Though the trip is over for a long time , we have still kept in touch closely . Of course , I do not suggest that my perspectives are unassailable . There are still some advantages for us to take a travel on our own plans . Nevertheless , I think the opinions I have provided above are more important and stronger .
(CHI,medium) In this morern , people are easily find the advertisements , they take place everywhere . peolpe can find the advertisements not only in the TV , but also in the newspapers . Furthermore , people buy many things because of the advertisements . The advertisements always look really good and make people want to spend money on them . In my opinion , I think that the most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . The reasons are the owners want to earn money , and the advertisements are decorated and exaggerated . First reason is because the owners want to earn mony from these commondities . For instance , if the asvertisements look really terrible , no one would desirable to buy them and spend their money on them . Therefore , the owners wo n't get the money and welfare from them . Secondly , most of the advertisements are decorated and exaggerated . For example , the iPOD is really fasional these days . The advertisements of iPOD allways says that it can contain over 1,000 songs and wo n't out of batteries at least 14 hours . However , after I spend my money that come from my salary of part time job , I was really sad about that . My iPOD ran out of batteries before 8 hours , and it had no more space before I put in the three hundred and fifty-third song . Therefore , I stronging believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are for the following reasons . The owner want to earn money and the advertisements are allways decorated and exaggerated .
(CHI,medium) I strongly agree with the statemet that advertisements drive us to believe their products are better than the truth . It 's surely a way to attract more people to buy the products . But sometimes , the products are really make clients disappointed . For example : once a day , when I was too young , a university student knocked my room door while I was lonely in the house . She recommanded a type of shoes were very good . It could prevent from humid and firing . Then it was magically to see while the skin of shoes , it did n't get firing . Then a young girl curious as me thought it was very interesting , as a consequence , I bought it . But only after some days , I found the shoes have n't good texture and destroyed by walking . Then from this advertisements , I take a lesson : Do n't believe adversisements ! When they claim some aspects are really good and attractive , it means in other aspects , maybe are controversal . When the claim something is high technology , maybe it indicates this product is easily to be destroyed ! But can we prevent the advertisements from daily life ? Certainely not . Watching advertisements is a way to collect information and get up with the pace of world . And some advertisements are too artical or storical which attact people very much . Like microsoft 's advertisements of pentium 4 . They tell us a new generation of computer , Though the high-technique such as computer , mobile , mp3 improving very quickly . But they are the fashion . And for me , I think high-technique and make-up things are toys . They are changeable like the toys I play during my childhood . And they can be the discussion topics . It makes us more interesting . Though their price are not reasonable . Afterwords , though the advertisements always give us products not as good as they claim . But as a daily information , we ca n't get away from them . In a global world today , we also get benefits from advertisements .
(ITA,high) Advertising is a subject which often undergoes critics , in particular on television . It usually tends to make products seem very good or efficient , but actually most of the times they just look better than they really are . Food , for example , always appears tasty and worthy to be proved , but when you cook it , it sometimes does not reach the result you expected . Advertising should be recognizable and should not make people act unproperly , but what is more important is that one of its basic principles is reliability . Once it lacks this aspect , it cannot be considered in a good way . The main problem connected with this issue is that people usually trust advertisements and so buy the products which are proposed by them . This is an unnecessary waste of money , those who work in this field should be aware of . The development of technology allows more and more ways of sponsoring goods , so that advertisements are more and more attractive , but at the same time they are also more and more tricky . In my opinion , people should always look at advertising in a critic way , without being fascinated by all the strategies advertisers use . The cases in which the cunsumers are either satisfied or reimbursed are the best way of testing if a product is good ot not . I think all producers should use this method in their promotion campaignes , or otherwise they should rely on advertisers who really want to exalt the caracteristic of a product , instead of showing their abilities with technology . Advertising is very important and also the expectations of the consumers , which therefore shoul not be misunderstood and miste
(FRE,medium) A good education is important to help young people having numerous values such as generosity and solidarity . These kind of things will help them to be more responsible in the society they will grow . Nowadays , behavior of young people is different than before . They do n't give no more time to helping others and the take part in the society . Fistly , the new generation hasn ' t know the same kind of life than before . In the past , young people had lived in the poverty of the war or somthing like that . There were also much diseases and less person in good health than now . So , the new generation is more lucky and happy in a modern society . The new generation have new kind of activities which is explain by the fact that the society is being more rich . I agree that young people do n't use their free-time in helping others . A teenager is more selfish than before because he is only interested in his hapiness such as playing sport or going shopping . I guess that he has not the desire to help people and be generous . I believe that I could be better if each person would give his money in associations for cancer or others diseases . However , some young people are more responsible than others . They act more like an adult and they understand how the life cabn be difficult for other people who live in poverty . They are less selfish and are more interested in helping children . They can visit them in an hospital to give them gifts . Finally , the main point is that it depends of the kind of people and culture . It is also a result of a bad education .
(TEL,high) I disagree that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one . All of us have heard of the quote `` Jack of all trades , Master of none '' . I think I would like to be the master of atleast one subject . I believe that unless one has detailed or specialized information regarding a subject , it is difficult to speak challengingly on that subject . To quote myself as an example , I have a broad knowledge of seven languages . I speak English at college , Telugu at home which an Indian regional language and have learnt a smattering of French , German , Hindi ( India 's national language ) , Spanish and Italian . But , I am handicapped when I have to converse in atleast five of the seven languages I learnt which does n't serve the purpose of learning . I also believe that specialization is required in most fields . Some of those fields being engineering , medicine and law . When you have a toothache , you would visit a dentist rather than a general practicioner . A similar logic would drive you to a cardiologist when you have a heart attack and to an opthamologist when one has a problem with one 's eyes . Hence , it can be seen that in the above cases , a person with broad knowledge of the ailments would serve no purpose as one requires specialists . Another area where I want to illustrate the use of specialists is engineering . Civil engineers are required for building bridges and computer engineers are required to work on computers . A non-specialized engineer would simply do a bad job or a blotched job . We could also consider the field of law as an example . We approach criminal lawyers for fighting our cases in case of crimes such as murder , extortion or kidnapping but we would approach a consumer court lawyer for problems such as adulterated food . Thus , we infact need specialists all the time and in all walks of life ! Another advantage of being a specialist is that people look up to your opinions much more than if you were un-specialized . We would much rather believe a person who has obtained his doctor of philosophy degree in a particular subject rather than an undergraduate student . Hence , i believe a broad knowlegde of several subjects does n't really serve many purposes . Infact , it might even be dangerous . Have n't we all heard of the saying `` Half-knowledge is dangerous '' ?? An intern might suggest a wrong course of treatment to a patient which could have a fatal affect . Such affects are not limited to medicine alone . Thus , i believe in specialization and aim for that kind of approach in all my endeavours .
(TUR,medium) All over the world there are lots of holdings , companies , firms and lots of other financial esatablishments . Most of them are giving service for very different type of consumers in so many different ways . In order to reach them they must emphasise that they exist and be recognized by the clients . From the very begining of the life and also today way of doing this thing is advertising . Although the advertisement is a crucial thing , most of them make products seem much better than they are . First of all , function of the advertisement is also advertising the product i.d. it must give reasons to the consumers in order to they would buy that product . While they are doiong this they are trying the pass their rivals , therefore they make unpleasent things to reach their goals . So , the advertisements would give us some information about the product incorrect . However , what is next ? Next time that consumer will not buy that item and that product has a bad image on the consumer . The consequences are not very clear in every situation i.d. that product would be a one-time buyable item in which server of that product 's aim is to sell it kust one time . But , this is also not a resonable manner . Again , because of the reputation issues . In conclusionI insist on that an advertisement should not exaggrate the product . However , there is real notion that when we are buying something we start from its advertisement . It does not have to be understood as the tv ads or just commercials . We also get information about the one we know that they used it .
(CHI,high) In a modern society , people always face the dilemma of whether having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than having specialized knowledge in one specific subject . This question is such a much-debated one that it affects almost everyone in his or her daily life and deserves some close examinations . As far as I am concerned , I vote for the former , which means I do agree with this statement . Among various reasons that support my choice stance is that having broad knowledge can make you more attractive , can provide more oppotunities for you career , and can make your life more interesting . Basic to any understanding of reason preferring having broad knowledge is that it can make you more attractive . If you are knowledgeable in many academic subjects , you can share more information with your friends and people arrounding you . For instance , I have a friend who has deep understanding in many fields , such as history , mathematics , music , and even cooking . I like talking to him , because I can learn much from him . That 's why , in my opinion , broad knowledge can make one attractive . Moreover , having broad knowledge can provide more oppotunities for you career . You have more choices . A persuasive example is that one of classmates has got an exellent job besides her major . She has both strong knowledge in both industrial engineering , which is her major , and software designing . Eventually , she got the job as a programmer , which provides a decent salary . We are all admire her now . Therefore , if you have broad knowledge , you have more oppotunities for you career . Furthermore , you can live better based on the broad knowledge . Besides , the further reason , not the last , why argee with this statement is that it can make your life more interesting . In fact , my father is just the person who has broad knowledge . In his spare time , he play tennis , translate Germany literatures , and design mechanical equipment . His life is colorful . As a proverb says , `` Various knowledage can make a person rich . '' In today 's world , having broad knowledge does give you incredible experiences and make you a rich mind person . It is obviously that only these three reasons can make everyone draw the conclusion that , not to mention there are more reasons that account for my propensity for it . In summary , from what we have discussed above , we can safely come to the conclusion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects and I agree with this statement . Anyway , it is confined to me ; different persons may have different choices accroding to their own personalities and fondness .
(GER,high) Cars will be around even in twenty years . Well , the look of cars might change and the size also . They might be even more environemental friendly compared to today 's models . But at the end , there will be even more cars around than today . But why ? Well , there will be still people around who buy them because they are very convenient . They allow you to move from one part of the town or state to another part . You could stop by at a friend 's place whenever you want . Besides conveniences they offer independence and in consequence freedom to each and everybody . And freedom is a very high value for each and everybody of us . Cars are also a product a lot of people strive for . Are n't a lot of kids playing with toys that are cars ? A lot of kids dream about cars and are all exited about them . But these arguments that play out in favor of the individual are just one side of the coin . The other side offers economic reasons . And that is why , on a world wide scale , there will be even more cars than today . With big developing economies like China and India there are more than two billion people that strive for a better , a more independent and more westernized lifestyle . Those demands have to be met either by building cars in the country or importing them from the outside . Besides , the car industry has always been an important industry in any industrial evolution in the past hundred years or so . Think of Ford in the US , Daimler Benz , now Daimler Chrysler , in Germany or Toyota in Japan . These companies invented back then new technologies , like the moving belt in Ford 's case , and even today . Think of the hybrid technology Toyota is using in some cars .
(ARA,high) as the time passe , the world undergo many changes in all fields and aspects of life . people can sense the changes in their surroundings , their life styles and ofcoures in their attitudes towards different issues . we may think of the coming future in many different ways and see it from variuos point of views . some of us are obtimistic looking at the future from a positive out look , expecting the best to come and hoping for further development with less damage . others see the future from a different angle , thinking that the non-stop progress of modern technology will bring the earth into an unpleasant end . the future is not our time it is the time of our comoing generations , we only have the present time , and only the present time that we could change and improve , however , our actions in the present time will participate in shaping the future , therefore we have to consider both the short term and long term consiquences of any action that we are about to take inorder to ensure our childern a better and safer future . it is hard to predict wether if the number of cars in 20 years will be more or less than the presnt time . taking into account the rapid growth of world population and the increasing life demands , that urges people to move from one place to an other , to get their needs done . you may think that the number of cars is more likely going to increase by two or three folds , this is unlikely to happen for few reasons , first , in oredr to fit this great number of cars new roads should be built and the old one should be expanded to fit the significant number of cars , which means that government have to reconstruct the infrastructure of the cities in order to apply such alterations and to so great deal of money must be spent that will most probably exceed the government 's budget in most countries , on top of that the international economy is declinig and the economist perdicitons indicate that this decline will continue for next 40 or 50 years ahead . governments will search for more effective means for transportation that produce less environmental hazards , like under developing the current under ground transportations and increasing the capacity also some regulating laws may be passed in which cars are not allowed to be used unless if the number of passangers exceeds 4 people . as a result the number of cars in the future is most likely to remain the same if not decline upon the intorduction of new transporation means .
(CHI,medium) Before presenting my point of view , I think it is necessary for me to examine the question carefully . Which one is more important , learn the particular facts or acquired the concepts and general principles . It is a matter of balancing the pros and cons of these methos , the decision , therefore , is not easy to make . In my opinion , ideas and principle concepts are more important . the first and foremost reason in support of my positon is that it is impossible for us to learn every facts during our limited lifetime . Take mathematics as an example , we could not do all the measue the three lenth of every triangle and it is easy to make some mistake . However , we could just calculate the length precisely and quickly by using the principle . Another compelling facts in favor of my position is that facts are often to specific and not conviencing and we learn little from particular facts . A striking example is that many fever could be healed by Keli . Although in some clinical cases it would results in some side effect , we could not deny that it is not a good medicine just by observe such a specific `` fact '' . I cite this extreme example merely in an attempt to demonstrate that we would make false decision by observing some specific facts . I can not deny that facts is important some times , for instance , in study history . Historist must use numerous facts and evidences to prove their theory . This alone lend no strong support to undermine what I have substantiated . From the discussion mentioned above , I can finally draw a conclusition that it is more important for students to understand ideas . It make us solve problem more effectively and make right decisions . I just could not imagine how could we do our work if the know no fundamental concepts .
(JPN,low) I agree with the statemant that better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects the following reasons . The first of all , people take many acagemic subjects that can find their porpose on life to dcision . Forexample , if to future wanting to do it the person who larned a lot feel of broad lookout on life . Second reason is that people can make many friends . For example , when was a hight school student . I took some subject . I larned many kind of subject , also I could make difrent types friends . They have many varietion idea each friend .
(CHI,medium) I disagree the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide for several reasons . In my opinion and personal experiences , there are many disadvantages of traveling in a gruop such as time limitation , bad service atitudes and worng shopping locations . The first important reason why i disagree this idea because time limitaion . There are many locations in one day and never have enough time to spend . Therefore , we do n't enjoy any location and also wast our time at some locations are not necessary to stop by . Furthermore , since the group trip has so many locations need to go , most time of the trip spend on the bus in stead of walking around and talking with local reisdents . Also , a tour guide 's service atitudes affects the whole trip . I used to travel with a tour guide who is not thinking careful and rude sometimes . If any vistor in a group with a bad tour guide , this trip wo n't be fun . It 's sad that most trips we ca n't choose tour guide . Furthermore , everytime we travel in a group led by a tour guide who always led us to a unreasonable department store or others shops where shop owners and tour guides can share the grants . This is the most reason i will not travel in a group . It happends a lot in South Asia and China . Whenever I want to travel somwhere , I will ask for people 's opinions and research any good location . It is the best way to travel . I will not recomand to anyone who want to trave in a group in South Asia and China .
(FRE,medium) To have large knowledge is well for your personality but have so much knowledge could destroy your base . When Iwas young my dream is to become an engineer in electronic . Everybody told me that i have to study a lot to become an engineer one day . Thus I did my study in different school with different specialization : Architectural , Science , Communication , Marketing , Technology , etc ... I was very tire at the end of my study because i did differents school , so i lost most part of my life just for study . And what do I become now . Do i an engineer ? In fact I understood one thing which is important for me , now I understand that my really dream is not to become an engineer but higher than an engineer . Six years before I began my really dream , I mean I study in engineering school after differents schools . Last year when I had the diploma of engineer , I realised that I need to go higher than Engineer . That is the reason why this year I decide to study the MBA School . For sure that the MBA is higher that Engineer even I had it . This is an experience that I would like to share with other people who need it . What did I learn from this lesson . In fact I understood that study to have broad knowledge is important but it is very dangerous and have to be carefully to not go away . Therefore specialize only one specific subject is well but you need to enlarge your knowledge to extend the communication with other type of people , that 's mean Business man , Engineer , Scientist ...
(FRE,medium) I disagree with this sentence up to a point . In my opinion successful people leads the world , and thanks to their works and abilities our world is evolving every day , every minute , every year . In the world 's history many examples of famous scientits , politicians , artists and so one can proove that witout their talent our civilization would be much more primitive . Christophe Colomb was a famous sailor of the past centuries , he was a risk taker and that characteristic of his behaviour have conducted him to discover America although his life and all the crew was is danger ... Successful people are never satisfied of themselves that is why they always want to look further , to have new projects more and more insane . The curiosity and the risk keep them alive , they need it . The wolrd wo n't be so fantastic if people would all be cowards ! Ernesto Che Guevara was a good dorctor in south America but his political ideas were so strong that he leaved everything to join the Cuba 's revolution . No matter what he has done , he tried new thing and paid with his own life ... Successful people are the motor of our civilization and we should let them free to do what they want , they may solve some worldwide problems , deseases ... No matter the risks they undertake if the purpose of their actions is fair , we need them to keep on evolving .
(TUR,medium) There are much more things that students must know than the students used to must know . Especially after industrial revolution , in the area of engineering science there have been lots of development . Some are not used anymore , some are still being used . If it is used , students have to have knowlegde about that . However there are so many thing which students have to know that it cannot be given into a single person . So learning ideas and concepts is more important than to learn ideas for two reasons . First , it is the idea that create facts . All the facts come from a inventor or from a group of inventor . They have got first the idea , then try it and see whether it works or not . If students know the concepts , they can know where inventor made things wrong . Actually , this is the way of development . For example , for all people know that if apple falls from a tree , it hits the earth , but newton asked why . From this point of view , he got another idea from a fact and created another fact . As in this example it is beneficial students to learn ideas in order to increase their creativity . Secondly , as mentioned above , there are lots of things to learn . In a limited time period students learn either some facts and its applications very well or ideas and concepts of many thing . Second one sounds better . The reason why second one sounds better is because of globolization . If a person has some ideas about a issue , he or she can many available information about that issue on the library or on the internet . So the only thing is to know basic concepts of an argument .
(SPA,medium) In my opinion i believe the theory about that in twenty years there will be less cars than there are today is wrong . I thinks that because of the way of human life , in the future will be more cars there are now . The first point of this theory is that when i look at documentarys about cars in the past there was just a few cars and very expensive so nobody could buy one . Today every family can buy a car or more than one . The amount of cars in use have execeded the expectations and now there as cars or more that people in the Earth . Furthermore , the humans are getting more and more lazy . We plan owr life trying to do as less exercise as we can . So even we go near home we just take the car because it is easier to get and faster . If we think in the ovesity progress in society we can asume that people is getting fatter and and lazyier , and one reason for that is the use of the car . Another point for this grownig sittuation is the economic aspect of this industry . govenments from all over the world has a big intrest in using and selling cars , because of their own economic benefit . As you can see the best cars in world are produced y the economic potencies like Germany , or the United States , or Italy or Japan . Moreover they have a big interest in the gas they sell because it is a big economic resource in all over the world . Finally by my piont of view the indutry is growing more and more , so there is no reasons i can give to think that in twenty years will be less cars than today . So because of the human way of life , in the future will be lots of more cars that it is right now .
(HIN,high) I believe with the statement that `` Young peoples nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' . Primary reasons for such attitude would be drastic change in their lifestyle , constant peer pressure , too much focus on shaping their own carrers and change in social values . I would take some of these issues to prove my stand . Young people are now under the effects of corporate culture everywhere . Whether this be their schoo , home or office . This demands them to be at their best everytime . They are expected to be first in their classes , decide startegies of business management , earn money . All these leads them to focus more on shaping their own identity and rather contributing towards their community . Young people put in much more efforts in terms of physical work then being put up by people of same age generations ago . This leaves them absolutely with no time for contributing towards their community . With such mad rush behind money , young people have become highly self-centric . They are not worried about suffering of their community , let alone doing something to remedify it . Young people with their living habits , social settings and behavior patterns likes to remain detached from everyone else . Leaving community , young people find it difficult to communicate with their parents and family members . This is not just because of communication gap but as well they are not concerned about their state . In most of the cases they are non existent for them . With such apathetic attitude towards their parents , spending time for their community can be easily ruled out . Idea to help and connect is dying . A perfect example of this could be of how we like to make new friend through internet but young people are hardly aware of sufferings of r next door neighbour . Perhaps an example of apathy of young people towards their community can be best seen with recent Katrina hurricance in America . There were hardly any initiative being taken by any young people . Hence people do not give time to helping their communities .
(TEL,high) Ever since the advent of cars they have become an integral part of human life . The production of cars has seen a considerable rise over the years and this trend shows no signs of slowing down . I personally disagree with the statement that twenty years down the line we will see fewer cars on the road than we do today . A host of factors are responsible for me holding this opinion . These include improved production practices , fierce market competition , increased buying power of the consumers and a desire to push knowledge beyond the existing boundaries . The production practices involved in car manufacturing has come a long way . In the early years of car production the process was entirely manual . Orders for cars had to be made years in advance . As silly as it may sound it is all true . But today Car maufacturing is an automated process . It takes onl a few hours to assemble together all parts in the car . Another interesting feature of the production system is that cars today are mass produced , not made induvidually . This reduces maufacturing time . Once a customer places an order it is just a matter of a few days before he sees the car on his doorstep . This enhanced mass production sstem ensures that cars are delivered as fast as possible , and this is like an added incentive to the buyers . So the production system has contributed significantly to increasing the number of cars on the road . And with better manufacturing practices being implemented it only points to a greater number of vehicles on the road in the near future . The Market for automobiles is a very competetive one . There are man plaers in the market ; this is a reference to te automobil compaies producing cars . It is not like the old days where there were only one or two compaies coming out with cars . There are a host of compaies producing cars in various segments . There are price wars on between cars in a particular segment . As soon as a company comes out with a price for a particular model his rival would come out with a slashed price of an equivalent model . All these market wars lead to slashed prices which is music to the consumers ears . These reduced prices so to speak contribute greatly to the increae in the number of cars sold . Times have been changing and the automobile market is not restricted only to a privileged few any more . The purchasing power of the consumers has gone up manifold . More people can afford to buy cars now and today owing a car has socila reavace as wl . ars are produced b mafaturers in ma segments to cater to te needs of the people that fall under the particular segment . With this increasd purchasing power of the consumers the car sales have gone up and will continue to do so in the near future . Finally enginners are alwas pushing the limits in search of newer pastures . The motivation amongst the engineering community will always results in the production of newer vehicles , beter production techniques etc . All these will certain cotribute to an increase i sales of the cars . Considering all these factors mentioned above i feel that twenty years hence we will be looking at a world with more cars , though thats not essentially how we want it to be ... Happy driving !!!!
(TEL,medium) The topic given to me is that broad knowledge is better than on the knowledge of a specific subject . I dont agree with the following statement because broad knowledge cannot help us always . It is necessary to have a specialised knowledge over a particular subject . By having broad knowledge over many academic subjects cannot fetch you in getting a job . This is because the companies want students who were specalised in a particular task for their work . Moreover he cannot be confident in any of his subjects and face many problems . If we are specalised in a particular subject we can do research in that particular subject and can improve our knowledge . By doing so we can reach great heights in our career . For example if we consider the President of India , he is a great scientist who used to work at ISRO got great fame because of his sucess in the field he has choosen . We must take him as inspiration and must try to develop in our future . If we try to have knowledge on all subjects than its just like standing on two Boats and definetly we have to face many problems in the future . Though he is talented he cannot reach great heights in his career . He may also face the problem of earning money as he cannot get a good job that bears his expenses . For example if I am interested in both science and social it is better to concentrate on only one subjects than the two . This is because if he studies both he cannot be a knowledged persons in any of the subjects and and he will come to the stage of confusion to choose which subject for his higher studies . I finally say that it is better to be a leader in one field than to be a member in many fields . So finally I feel that it is better to specalize in one subject due to the reasons given above . moreover by doing so we can be the most knowledable and experienced person in a particular field .
(TEL,low) According to my opnien on argumrnt evolves an approch int he direction of supporting the that Sucessful people try new things and takes riks the said aspects that title there by illustrating some factors that are seginificent to the points put forroward as stated below . Most of the sucessful people try new things and take riscks . Because sucessful people mind is very shorp they think differently compared with others . If they see ant new things suddenly asks him self 3QUESTIONS what ? , why ? , when ? . then they start thing about the newly seened objest then they keep patents to learn about that . We know that `` Room was not built in one day '' and they take risks for that . As we know that `` Where ther is a way There is a will '' . They not live inthe middle they research up to end . Form past we learn lot of things sintests discover every thing now we are engoying what hey discover . Sintests are always sucessors they do not leave any one in the middle they fight up to reach the goal . Thats way they deisover alot . They do not stop at the discovery off one thing , theysearch for next time morre accurate one or else for any new discoverys . sucessors or god gifted people teir mind always think about new things and resesrch for now ones . As they do like that now we enjoy all leaxury things . Every one thing for new things but some peoples fight till end of the battle they are the Sucessors . Try for new thing have lot of benifites than only doing already kown to do well . for Example Robbrt didnt think about plain now we cant move from one city to another . search for new things gives more leaxuories life for the next generations . at the ame time doing already know we can improve the performans in more acuurate manner . Rearching for new things govern ment gives more encoragement as it benifies to socity . Altho elabration if argument has sreveral sucess aspects and few draw backs over weight give
(TEL,medium) Enjoyment can be defined by the way how you spend your time . It mainly depends on wat you like do , how you like to do it and where you will like to do it . I agree with the statement that `` younger people enjoy life more than elder people '' because younger people have many things to do in their life ahead . Doing things for the first time gives a person great pleasure and happiness which younger people will have the power , the strength that is required , the courage and the enthusiasm to and puch themselves to the limits do or experience various things that they want to do in their life , where as older people cannot accomplish all the things they need in the life because they ca n't push themselves hard enought because of the lack of strenght and patience which is needed to do reach the goal they want . Younger generation have lot of things can do in life such as they can play various sports like baseball , football , rugby , cricket which elder people cannot play and they will have to jus sit back and watch the game or just watch people doing it . Older people cannot strain themselves much beacuse of which they cannot travel around the world to see its beauty or experience the nature where as younger people can travel to anyplace they want and experiencs all the beauties and the places he have never ever seen before . younger people have the guts to do various things in life , where mountain climbing is one of the example where older people ca n't do it as they dont have the dare to risk their life , but younger generation find it more intresting and enjoy doing such things . Elder people have to stay indoors most of the time and because of this they dont get to njoy the nature becasue of the changing weather conditions but youngs generation dont get much effected by these conditions and enjoy the life to the fullest . As a young person I feel `` YOUNG PEOPLE CAN ENJOY MORE THAN ELDER PEOPLE '' .
(HIN,high) Enjoyement in a undefined term , it depends on an individual to define something enjoyable . A humanatarian wont find a wrestling match enjoyable but other may . Ahunter would be delighted after hunting but a wild life protector would be engulfed with pain and agony . Whether something is enjoyable or not is solely at an individuals disrcretion . the situation , state , environment all are responsible for defining whether a particular situation is enjoyable or not . Young people are supposed to be enjoying there life to the max as they are not restricted by any kind of physical problems . They are fit and a passionate to work and can enjoy the life without any problems . They can do what ever they want to do . They can eat anything they want to , indulge into all kind of activities , and can be careless . They can protect themselves and are independant . This is could be an advantage on the physical front . On an emotional front they are more strong . They can take tough decison and can venture into risky propositions cause they have ample time to make amends for if something goes wrong . They dont have that much responsibilty and can be more open about there life . They are carefree and and are seldomly under pressure of something . The biggest problem that young people face once they are old enough to understand the realities of life are the presuure of making there position in the society , choosing a career and building it up , standing up to the expectation of others and ownself . They have an entire life to plan out and once they have achieved it they can enjoy more then any one . Old people can also enjoy there life if they have all the basic necessacities available to them . They dont have to think about there future any more , they can lay back and bask , wake up , have a cup of tea , call up there friends and play games or have discussions . The only problem that they can have is on the medical , thats the only thing that makes old age painful otherwiose if an old man has the basic amenities for his survival and is still indipendant then he is far more happier . He is over with his responsibilities and has no more tension about his future .
(CHI,medium) when considering this issue , some people agree that it is better to specialize in one specific subject while others seem to agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . As to me , I agree to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Currently , in this democratic and economic-free world , we need people with variable abilities no matter where they belog . People who are used to working alone may be disliked because every work seems to be created by `` coporation '' in today 's society . `` Coporation '' means respecful and multi-cultural . Only through it may human beings create a better consequece of their work . Therefore , it is not the matter how much quantity one can contribute to the group but quality one can produce by his own , even that a little bit but precious knowledge , which suddenly occurs to his brain , may come to a significant key to success . I remembered one time we classmates had a huge project to be done , something related to `` Fantasy Literature . '' We were terribly nervous about that presentation because finally we decided to talk about the great volume , `` The RIng of The King . '' We spent a week for preparation from searching to powerpoint . Actually , only two of us had finished the three books , and others just `` tried '' to understand some episodes . However , we did make efforts to use variable angles to do analysis , especially when we began other related books reading . So , when the day of the presentation was coming , we group not only had full preparation about the main top but also some materials developed by our extra reading stuffs . Through this experiece , I realize that it is not matter how much you have learned but what more you can possibly give out , which is being developed and potentially erupted by individual efforts . Therefore , in my opinion , I think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
(TEL,high) In this modern era of drastic changes of sceince and technology , young people play a predominant role . They really assimulate all their potential in interpreting their skills in different areas and strive hard in attaning their desired results . This young generation does not hinder any issues they have taken up and it shows their dedication and commitment in their work . Nowadays , people are often engaged to their buzy schedules in making their future or in jobs and are less evident to their resposibility towards to communities they live in . Buzy schedules may not be the prime cause of negligence but their are some more important issues to be considered like their might not be a Truthful leader who can make them realise of their resposibilities towards the society . Young people are the essence of a country 's development . They are the future citizens who act as a role model for futher generations to come when they are perfectly on a right path by the elders . This can make them more responsible towards their duties . One of the best examples like , last month a train accident occured in Banglore , India .. as it was in the early hours thre was not any major helpline available but a bunch of boys who were Engineers have taken the resposibility not only to call for the helpline but also taking up the necessary first ais measures available in the train . Another example , when the Katrina has hit the USA , basket ball teenagers organised a charity match between their fellow competitors and managed to gather about thirty thousand dollars for the victims . They have recieved many applauds for their tremondous work for the humanity . Also young people of diiferent countries have taken up the responsibility of joining the relief camps and to help the victims . These dynamic people are really paying alot in terms of their service to the humanity . Finally , young players nowadays are definetly working hard not only for themselves but also for the community inturn to the country . All they need is some kind of encouragement in carrying out their duties towards the community .
(ITA,medium) It is true that most advertisements make products look better than how they really are and it must be like that because , if you have to sell a product , you must overrate it a little bit , you must put in evidence the good qualities of it and you must hide its bad peculiarities . it does n't mean lying but it means just not to tell some parts of the truth in order to convince people that your product is good to be bought . What the Latins called `` dolus bonus '' is the usual overrating that the seller makes of his products and it is absolutely permitted . On the other hand what is not permitted is the real lie : for example you ca n't say that you had got a prize for your product without having gotten it really ; you ca n't denigrate your competitor 's product in order to exhalt your product , in other words you ca n't do nagative publicity . what is permitted is a comparative publicity : it consists in an objective comparison of objective datas . I think that the Italian law , the one i have been speaking about is good and I think it should n't be changed also because it works and is respected . What I do not like of publicity is that it creates needs . It is very negative because , striking the emotional part of people who look at it creates in them a lot of needs that they did n't have before . Nowadays people waste a lot of money in things that they do n't need and quite often lose sight of the most important things in life because they must have the last model of that watch , because they must have the sweater of that particular trademark , beacause they need to be trendy . I think that this last effect of publicity is very negative and should be fought by expressing this point publicly and often .
(KOR,medium) I knew what communication means , it means that I have conversation with others and I should listen to others when they speak . But sometimes I do n't listen to them , and just I talk to them what I want to say . I still confused what I should do when I communicate with others , even though I know what it is . I guess I do n't fully understand what is communication , but also I somehow misunderstand what it means . In my opinion , understanding idea is more important than what it is . I am pretty sure there are a lot of students like me . Even though they know a lot of facts or definitions , they really do n't what it means for themselves . So very often students could misunderstand what it is . For exemple , even though I learn what is communication , I did n't try to understand that concept and I just admit this idea without thinking . After all , it leads me to misunderstand what communication is and I could n't use this concept very well in my life . I think all facts and definitions should be adapted to people . If one does n't mean anything to them , it is really nothing . It can become something when it is used by people and adapted for their life . I learned a lot of things when I was young , but I could n't remember all those , such as Geology , Biology , Literature . However I still remember what I need for my life and my career . I still remember very well economics , math , English . It is because I need latter more than former , not because former is not important . If students find the meaning in what they learn , it is very helpful for their understanding . For these two reasons , I believe that understanding is more important than what it is . All people could learn what it is , but just some people could understand and use it for what they really need .
(SPA,medium) For an estudent , it 's important to learn facts and also to undestand ideas and concept . But , I totaly agree with the statement that is more important to students to understand the concepts , than is for the to learn the facts . I think this way , mainly because by understanting the concepts and ideas , you are really getting the basis of knowlege ( you can go to the deeps of it ) . It 's the only way to go to the bottom on the issues . If you just learn a memorize the facts ( and leave the undestanding of concepts behind ) , you wo n't be able to innovate . I think facts are the starting point . By revising and questioning those facts and working based on them , knowing their cause and effect is the key . The only way to do this , is by the understanting of the ideas and concepts that lead to those facts . In other words , If you just learn the facts and do n't know where the came from , you wo n't be a complete all-arround student , just memorizing machine . The great human minds over the course of history , have been well knowned for understanding the ideas they worked on . Albert Einstein once said : `` you realy do n't know something , until you 're able to explaining it to your grandmother ... '' , meaning that the only way teach something in a way anyone can follow , is putting it in simple form . The way to achive this , is by dominating the concepts and ideas well ( knowing where they come from , so you can put it in different words ) . Try to picture Einstin explaning to his grandmother one of his teories , just giving her the facts ... In resume , undestanding the ideas and concepts ( what they really mean , where they come from , ect . ) is by far more important tha just learning the facts . Facts are important , but no
(ARA,medium) Students all around have to obtain learning facilities . but it varies from a person to another the way they should obtain this information . I agree that it is more important for a student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts due to alot of main points that support my decision . and it is supported with futher explaination throught out my essay . For students to learn the facts they are provided with . It is very easy for them to forget the information later on . The students do have a rate of acceptability for information , if he/she cannot be able to understand the ideas these facts are based on , they simply are forgotten by time . Another point to discuss is the amount of pleasure takin in when the student is recieving this information . it is very dull and boring for a person to sit and accept alot of ideas into his head and simply just memorise them . it is more fun to understand the concept , discuss it and then understand it so that it would not become temporary . Student should be recieving information in an orderly manner . for example a physics class , It start off wid introducing the topic and then orienting the students to the type of information in this course so they are able to understand the ideas and concepts faster . Rather than giving then the formulas and letting them memorise these facts and try to solve on their own . It is very convenient for a student to understand first and then try to work the rest out by himself . The last and main point is , that understanding the information enhances the students self confidence . For example , if the student is asked about a specific topic he could easily recall it and explain it from his understanding rather than reciting what he learned before . I agree that it is more important for a student to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts because as i mentioned before it is easier , it is no temporary and mainly it is enhances self confidence .
(TUR,medium) THE TRICKY ADVERTISEMENTS Today , with the development of the media , the expansion of the newspaper , the increasing number of the channels , the producers get a chance to introduce their products better . Once a point of a time , the producers can not introduce their goods as well as it has happened today . This is , of course , a good thing for the producers and the clienteles . However , it should not be forgetten that sometimes the products seem much better than they rally are . First of all , the quality of the product may be seen on the television at the highest level . On the other hand , when you go to buy it , you can be shocked . You may , sometimes , think that it is not the one you see on the television . For instance , one day , I decided to buy a sport equipment . I saw an equipment on the television . I thought that it would suit me very well . When I went to buy it , I saw that it would not meet my needs . It was not as desirable as I thought when I saw on the television . Secondly , the function of the product can be shown better than it really is . When you read it on the newspaper or you see it on the television , you can read or listen lots of usefull and good sides of the product . You can easily believe what has been stated and you can purchase it . Most probably , you will see that the product is exegerated to be sold . Thirdly . the size of the product can be shown bigger or smaller than its ' normal size . For example , if the product is better in small size the product can be shown smaller than its ' normal size . Shall the product is better in big size , the product can be shown bigger than its ' normal size . that is , you can be traced by the advertisement of the product . To sum up , we are shown different kinds of advertisements on the televisions and on the newspapers . They are beneficial for the sellers , but we , the clientele , can be sold the products which are not as good as we are shown . The advertisement can be used for different purposes and the product seem much better than they really are ,
(HIN,medium) Yes i do agree that successful people always try out new things and take risk rather than doing the same thing what they already know how to do well . Because people will with his own experinces not from other experinces . If we try out the new things then only we will come to know what we have to do and how to do . In starting we might may go wrong because that is the new thing for us . But we have one prolong `` always keep trying unless u get success '' and one day surely u will be success . There is one story of one king who fights for his kingdom . He lost and hide in one cave , there he saw one small spiderman trying to clim the wall . But he keep on falling donw , but he never loss his control and temper he keep trying it untill he get succes . From this king understand that there is nothing impossible in this world only6 the thing is we need to give our total dedication towards our work . He understand this thing and went back , gathered his army and faught again . He keep on trying it and in last he won and got back his kingdom back . So he learnt the lesson from a small spiderman that we should never give up . always keep on trying . So in the same way i feel that , if we have confidence upon ourself we can do anything on this earth and get success in that , though it might be from different field which we not deal with . But what we need t o have is confidence and strenght in ourself that we can do this thing . If we have this quality then no one can beat us . We will always be successful in our life and in our work . It might happen that being a experince person also he might fail . Because anything is possible in this world . so i conclude that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . only we need to have confidence on our self then we can do anything on this world .
(TUR,high) People often argue about what is more important for students to learn : ideas and concepts ; or facts . Based on my four years of experience as a teacher , I strongly believe that it is far more important for students to learn ideas and concepts . Facts change very quickly , whereas ideas and concepts remain useful for a lifetime . One of the most important objectives of education is to prepare the students for their future careers . I believe that students who understand the ideas and concepts well have a much better chance to succeed in the future than those who simply learn facts . This is especially evident in disciplines like science and engineering , where there is very little that one can do by simply memorizing facts . A student who only learns the basic equations about electricity can not solve problems that involve combining various concepts or ideas . It is far more important for the student to understand the fundamental concepts and ideas , and develop an ability to make use of these concepts to develop his or her own solutions to practical problems . Similary , in history , it is a lot more important to understand the context of a war , rather than learn the simple fact that the war took place in a certain year . For example , it would be a lot more useful to understand why and how Hitler came to power in Germany , rather than the dates of particular events . Another factor that illustrates the relative importance of understanding ideas and concepts over learning facts is also evident from the rate at which facts are changing . The rapid developments in science and technology change the so-called facts at such a high speed that it does not make sense for a student to spend too much time on learning facts . As a teacher , I often notice that many text-books that I have begun to use for my classes only a few years ago have already become out of date ! Ideas and concepts , on the other hand continue to be valid over much longer periods of time . Moreover , in many cases , it is even possible for the students to apply a concept they learned in one area to some other areas . Facts , on the other hand , can not be easily transferred from one area to another .
(TUR,medium) I strongly agree with the idea that successful people are eager to learn new things and they like taking risks instead of doing what they have known well before . Which three features do you think will certainly bring the success ? Well , I think openness to experience and taking risks make a person wiser , more creative and more motivated which are the most important features . Firstly , trying somethig new always make us gain more knowledge about the world sorrounding us . Everyday we need to learn so many things since the technology develops so fast . Knowing many stuff about plenty of issues will make us wise and successful people at the end . Secondly , we become more and more creative since we activate our brains so much in the learning process . We make many connections about different disciplines and issues in the daily life . The artists and scientists are very good examples of this phenomenon . Lastly , wanting to learn something new and taking risks lead to increased motivation in people . For example , I believe that I would not have such a big motivation if I was not interested in many areas of life . To sum up , in the modern world if we want to be more successful , we need to take risks and develop ourselves by new experiences and knowledge . These will also make us wiser , creative and highly motivated individuals .
(SPA,high) Even if facts can change depending on the topic , it is very important for studens to learn them . In my opinion I would strongly desagree with this statement . Students always open their mind to learn no matter what is that they are learning . For a studen to make a good argument in a thesis or in a topic he or she will have to be able to have clear ideas and concepts , but at the same time learn some facts to support their answer . As an example to identify whether or not a student is using his/her knowledge properly would be what happened on September 11 . When the two planes crashed on the two commerce buildings in New York . Some ideas could give the student some understanding of what had occurred on that terrible moment , same as some concepts that most people would give to describe what happened . But , for a student to clearly analize this incident some facts will have to be given . Facts are part of the history that we as human beings make everyday . No matter what happens around the world , facts will always be there to help us describe , understand and let us give our opinion . Not all the time students will have to learn facts as they will have to understand ideas and concepts , but in my opinion they might go together . A good reason for these three things to be together is that ; you can not understand and idea without having a good concept , you cannot describe a concept without having any facts that prof it and you wo n't be able to fully understand facts if you do n't know how to develop ideas and use your concepts . Another example will be Leonardo Da Vinci . He had to support his ideas and concepts by having facts to understand . What would have happened if he put to much red colour in Mona Lizas 's lips ? There is a fact that deals with the consequences of our actions . Da Vinci would have had to think about scientist facts before starting his new inventions . The time will go by and we will all develop a new way of life . Our capacity to think will change for better and our way to study will have to change too . Until that time comes we must use our own resourses to learn and understand whatever it is that we are talking about . Always understand ideas and concepts and use your learned facts to make sure that what you are saying is right . Students always know what is the better way to learn .
(TUR,medium) in my opinion , succesful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . Because of their character , they are succesful . for example , the architects build buildings . Aldo rossi is one of the succesful architects . He has a lot of drawnings , industrials design , buildings . in his school years , his teachers didnt like their drawnings and buildings . they made him to draw the way they wanted . If he didnt do the teachers wanting , he didnt graduate from the university . so he give up studying in university . Then in his work , his boss wanted him to draw the way his boss wanted . He didnt give up drawning . He has alotof drwanings altenatives about one building . in addition to this one drawning about his design is not enough for him . So you can alotof drawnings about one of the buildings . Also he searchs while designing . He always tries alot of alternatives about his design . so he takes risks . for example : His building or his design arent sold or liked by the people . In addition to this other architects disagree with him about the buildings or his design . But to explore new things ( pozitively or negatively ) makes him more successful . By the way this make he is different from the other architects . By trying new things and taking risks help him while other designing . He can easily improve himself and her career . so her designs and products are not similar . In architecture the variety is very important . So aldo rossi is very successful architect . On the other hand , if he only doing what he already knows how to do well , he repeat himself and his career . So aldo rossi isnt known as a succesful archtect in the world . In conclusion , trying new things and taking risks is very important in our career . If we want to be successful , we always do the best that we can .
(KOR,medium) What may difine enjoying life ? Just having fun and not doing what they suppossed to do ? As a younger generation person , I recent that statement above . People in our age , became more difficult than older people do . In my short life , I figured one thing ; what am I doing is not choice , this is requirement to live my life . Most adults are going to their job at eight o'clock or something like that . It is basically same as any other student . after we are going to school we are having bunch of tests or quizes from school . If we did not take this tests or quizes , our grade will be lowered . Many people think this is just kidding if they compare to any adults , but this pressure is aweful . First of all , they are going to call their parents and their parents are going to yell at the child . This is not just stressful , it makes my life miserable . If it is only school work , than it is nothing . we have SAT or AP subjects exams , which are not exist in adult world . We also have some extra activities that we need to go to . After all of these stuffs , we finally have a vacation . in two or three months , we are having enjoy our moment with pressure about SAT or APs for next year . On the other hand , Adult would is rudimentary . some older people say you are nothing but fake . What are they basically doing for their life ? During week days , they are going to their job or go to meeting . If something goes wrong , they need to fix it and maybe improve it for better jobs . There is differences between adult and young people . Adults are choosing what they want to know and we younger people are forcing to do stuffs . It is really different . After their jobs or works , parents are asking how their school was and start to speak about better life . Tt leads to us have more studying and every adults are going to enjoy their moment . They might be watching a TV or walking for their healthy . During weekend , while younger people are studying older people are going to play golf without any pressure . Therefore , adults are enjoying more than younger people do . Under certain circumstances , younger people enjoy little bit once an year . However , adults are enjoying their moment almost everyday and they only complain about younger people . Therefore , i believe older people enjoy life more than younger people do .
(SPA,medium) The first thing we need to know when we are going to travel is to having fun and enjoy ourselfs , because if we going to a place and know it the essencial thing we need to know is that the preocupations are out of our mind . We go there to travel and have fun not to remain the problem and how to solve it . If we going to relax and forgot about the world and all the people , the best situation is to go alone so we can enjoy and at the same time relax our minds but if our porpouse is to meet new people , new places and learn new things the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide that explain us the different things the city or country has and at the same time let us know about their costumes , their country or city and enjoy ourselfs learning about them . I agree with the statement because if we are going to travel we need to meet new people , new cultures and understand that in the world exist different kinds of people that thinks in a different way than us so it help people to have a good relationship with the others and liberate theirselfs of the routine that involve them all the time and in every moment . When we travel with other people our mood and feelings changes a lot , our lifes take a new way and the things we think are incorrect turn into a different way ; the people start seeing you differently and knowing at the same time your costumes , culture and way of thinking that make you different form the others . That type of travel help you to leave the problems , relax yourself and look the life in another way and with other thoughts . Enjoy the life is the best form of live happy and extend our life because liberate our minds and at the same time make us happy people , full of good and interesting things that the others could know and learn about us knowing that the life is not compose of work and responsability , it can be complement with fun and happiness .
(SPA,high) In the Western world most people consider that young people enjoy life more than older people do . I have recently been asked if I agree with that line of thought . Contrary to what most people think , I consider that old people enjoy life more for a number of reasons : they have life achievements to look back to and be proud of ; they can see the influence they exert in their children and grandchildren ; and , they are experienced and see life from another perspective . Through time older people have experienced positive and negative events . They have been through moments in life , where everything has been about accomplishments and triumphs , like getting married or becoming a well-known doctor , and others where failure and tragedy , like closing a business or facing a close relative 's death , have played an important role . However , throughout the years they have learned to balance all these experiences and see that life is beautiful , and that every accomplishment should be a reason to be proud of and every moment should be enjoyed to its fullest potential . At the same time , older people are able to enjoy the influence they exert in their children and grandchildren , and see the effort they did throughout their life reflected on them . It is difficult to see a higher pride or degree of accomplishment , than that shown on a grandfather 's face when playing ball with his grandson . That is a sign of enjoying the little moments of life at their greatest potential , without worrying about the next day 's meeting , or the undone project sitting in front of the computer . Older people see life from a different perspective than young people do . And as a famous Latin American poet writes , `` if I lived again I would worry much less about being so careful , about wearing sweaters and always leaving home with an umbrella ... I would travel without luggage and not be concerned of the day I have to come back ... '' For these reasons I think old people enjoy life more than young people . The good news is that we are still young and we can start enjoying life just as all of our grandparents do , taking from them an example for the rest of our lives .
(FRE,medium) The actual word is a word of stress , activities , and business . Most of current young people have activities and daly occupations , but I believe that amoung those young people some have time to help their community . I realize that time is precieus and because of that I may be influence by that reason to say that I have no time for others , but it is not the case . For example , I am involve in a student union and one of my duties is to bring some love around . Also , there are differents ways to spreed this love . For example , sheltering homeless people by providing them with food , clothes , and covers . By that kind of of positive actions I get involve in the good of my communities . Next , it is more ofen young people that organize car wash or parties to raise money for example to ameliorate their school , or environment of work . this is a evidence that shows they are involve in what is happening around them . Finally , even babysitting is a way to help your commmunity . You help a familly , neighbours that are in difficulty by giving them your help . So in that way you help around you mand you In conclusion , by getting involve in my society I realize how it works , where are the issues , and try to solve them thanks to different kind of experiences . I also believe that after have done something great , I feel better , proud about myslef because I have been busy but for something that will help around . I am sure that a bunch of young will be agree with me because of the positive sens .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts for the following reasons . First , if we put importance on learning facts , it tends to produce people who think the result is always the most important . For example . I used to think that the English ability test such as TOEFL is the genuine reflection of one 's English capability . Based on this notion , I tend to judge how people I know is fluent in English by asking his/her test scores . In addition , I was easily dissapointed or overjoyed upon my result of the scores , because I tended to think my test score would determine my English fluency . As I constantly get higher and satisfing scores , I reached the conclution that I had enough skills to handle English , and stop studying . However , I found out my perception was wrong . There is no limit , or end for studying langage and it is more important to try hard or make effort , than making good result , because those processes can tell us essential lessons , such as importance of being humble or keeping high motivation all the time . Plus , since I have been living in the States , I recognized how my English level is not sufficient to call it enough . Therefore , putting more emphasis on learning facts has the risky effect that make people think the result is the most important . Second , if we try to understand ideas and concepts , better than to learn facts , we are likely getting more innovative and flexible way of thinking , or seeing the objects . The ideas and concepts are filled with great experiences , or lessons by our ancestor . For instance , the Japanese car is said to be excellent in its quality . This is the fact . However , none of the good lessons or experiences can be leaned from the fact . On the other hand , if we try to learn its ideas or concepts which lead the japanese car makers suceed , we can learn benefitial informaion to us , such as how dillidency is important , or how teamwork is important . Thus , I strongly agree with the idea that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .
(TUR,high) It is rather frequent for people to buy a good or service , but find out that what they buy is not actually what they see and like in the advertisements . This is because , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . The main reason for this situation is the companies that provide these goods or services . Sellers of products naturally always try their best to sell more , and thus increase their profit . In order to achieve this , advertisements are made use of as they are the most effective way to attract the attention of consumers and as a result increase the quantities sold . Mostly , the products are showed rather differently from the real products in advertisements , as many properties of the products are exagarated . The best example to this kind of advertisements are the products showed in the television and sold only by ordering using the telephone . The consumers do not actually have the chance to see , touch and investigate the products themselves . They can only decide to buy the product considering the properties described on the television . Nevertheless , frequently consumers become dissapointed upon seeing the thing they bought when it is delivered . This is because the real product is not as good and useful as it is described in the advertisements . The reason why I reached to the conclusion that advertisements make products seem better than they really are is my personal experience . One day , while I was watching television with my mother , we saw an advertisement of a cream that helps people to lose weight . They showed many women that had used this product and were really satisfied with the result . Therefore , although the price was a bit high , we decided to order one and try as we both wanted to lose some weight . We started to use the cream regualry as soon as it was delivered . However , obviously we did not really lose weight . On the contrary , the cream made my skin rather unpleasent . Then , we both decided to be more careful in such things again . In conclusion , owing to my personal experinece , I can definitely say that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Actually , a person can easily reach this conclusion with thinking the reasons behind as well . As a result , people should be very careful in buying products and not trust to the advertisements completely .
(KOR,high) There are several reasons for people to take a trip . Depends on each person 's personality , some people prefer to take a trip alone while the others prefer to travel in a group that is led by a tour guide . This is controversial subject to dicuss about , however ; in my opinion , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . The first reason is that , people do not need to worry about thier safety as they do when they travel alone . Tour guide knows well about the areas that they are travelling . As a result , they offer tourists who are in the group , a safe hotels to stay in and clean restaurants to eat . In addition , guide gives several practical advices to help people stay out of problems . For exmaple , in some areas , it is extremely dangerous to travel alone without any knowledge , such as New York where all kinds of crimes are happening . Therefore , within a group led by a guide , tourists aviod some potential dangers . The second , people get explanations of historical places that they visit . If people are traveling alone , they need to purchase a guide book and struggle through it to find exact information that they want . Or sometimes , if they cannot find , they may ask to other people who live in that area . However , this is not likely going to happen because the tourists would feel embarrased from lack of knowledege . As a result , travelling with guide is convenient . The last , people save moeny and time . As travelling with in a group , there is limited time to visit some places . This means that they are going to visit important plaecs . Plus , places that are worth to visit . This help them to save time and preventing them from wondering which place to visit first . Moreover , when people travel alone , they lose directions often , because they are new to that place . They need to spend additional money for staying in hotel if they get lost and it is dark outside . Consequently , Travelling in group led by a tour guide is more efficient choice for people , since they are less exposed to any sorts of crimes . Additionally , people get abudant explanations from guide and save thier money and time .
(ITA,medium) Obviously this is true . Everybody knows that marketing 's importance in everyday 's life is growing faster and faster everyday ; and advertisements play a fundamental role in this `` play '' . The impact of images and sounds during a product 's advert is more important than the quality of the product itself . How many times do we buy a particular kind of biscuits , cake , cleaning item , tissues , shoes ( and so on ) just because the day before we saw that fantastic advert with that catchy tune ? Well , i think that this happens very very often . Nowadays every serious company has got some expert people thinking about marketing strategies to have their product well spread . And the main part of these studies goes to advertisements . This study is based upon a lot of other things : people thoughts , polls and so on . Exploiting this informations with accuracy , companies choose a mix of sounds and images that catches our attention . So , the point is : i agree with this statement , because it is obviously true and recognized ( who could say it isnt ? ) , but i do n't agree with the way the companies exploit this kind of thing . I mean , yes it 's their work , but sometimes there 's so much difference between advertisements and quality that we could call it a crime ! These kind of thing happens in music too .. When some popular music magazines like the NME wants to `` launch '' a particular band , it begins putting these band 's pictures everywhere , on the cover , on the back , in the middle etcera , so that the young kids think '' oh , the NME ca n't be wrong '' ... the consequence is that these bands reach a level of success that is not proportional to its skill . In the same way , companies spend LOTS of money in buying advertisement spaces in television or in the streets or in internet sites for their products and only a FEW for the product itself ! Yes , it 's nice to see some adverts on tv ( maybe featuring some nice girl hehe ) , but i do n't agree with this excess hype . Companies should spend less money for adverts and a little more for the stuff they produce !
(TEL,medium) As far as its concerns me it 's true that young people enjoy more the older people . As young people have the strong sprit in them to achieve anything under the sun , be it ragarding the sports , extra curricular activites and the hill climbing ( mountains ) . In the modern world young people are ready to perform any difficult task bravely because they have the strong will power in them to achieve . When we consider the sports , young people enjoy a lot by playing outdoor games like football ,, basket ball , base ball and also in the athelitics . AND this keeps the young people PHYSICALLY and MENTALLY strong inorder perform any risky operation ... And the older people may not possess equal strength as performed by the young people to play outdoor games ... and merly the older people as only one chance to encourage the young childern .. IN this modern world each any every young people want to be different from other youngesters , so he does things differently from the rest . And he does this because so show that HE IS MORE TALENTED , and also he wants to `` gain appresetation '' from others ... [ to be rewareded for his bravery ] and also he wants to be recognised as the UNIQUE PERSON ... AND so i personally feel that all that activities performed by the youngsters cannnot be EQUALLY performed by the older people .. SO youngesters enjoy a lot than the older people ...
(ARA,high) Advertising ... bliss or Curse How many times did you a buy a product expecting it to be of high quality and usage , only to be disaapointed later as you discover its limited functionality and below average quality ? I am sure some may agree with me that this scenario occurs often , and soon leads to people arguing whether advertisments make products seem better than they really are . Though I can relate with those who argue that it is the buyer 's responsibility to verify the exact specifications and functionalities of an item before purchase , yet i belive that in our days most advertisments DO `` beautify '' products to seem better than they are . If we consider the hypothetical or rather normative purpose of an Advertisement , it would be to show a potemtial customer the existing functionalies of a product and convincing him/her to purcahse that item . But with Capitalism taking control of the world , definitions have started to change , and the business world has adapted to new masks keeping revenure - rather than Business Integrity-as the ultimate purpose . Hence Advertising became about doing and Saying anything and everything to sell that item , regardless if that item is worth selling in the first place . If we take examples from the world , we can look at the historic and famous Cigarette ads , which usually try to promote smokers as `` beautiful , adventerous , cool ... etc '' , yet not until recently , failing to inform smokers of the health risks , and high cancerous rates . Another example would be plastic surgury ads that try to convince those who are running after the illusion of youth , that the usage of this creme or that mask , or those injections will actually turn back the cycle of time . Again failing to tell patients that its all a matter of 5-7 years ( the maximum ) till any `` fake '' effect disappears , leaing them with possible health hazrds . Lets take insurance companies for another example . Such companies tend to `` sell '' their promises for safety and wellcare guarantees , yet failing in most of the cases to warn the clients from all those `` Exceptions or situations '' where `` they just dont cover ! '' . Even war has a been a commodity that Advertisements has successfully over-rated and made it shine . The war on Iraq was advertised as a legitimate procedure to fight terrorism , and liberating the Iraqis .. and ... and .. ! Alot of innocent decent people fell for these `` Shiny '' words , but look at what really happended . The American Economy has suffered greatly from it , half a million iraqis have been killed in 3 years , more terrorists have emerged ! Business should be eithical , sell what you have , or else dont !
(HIN,medium) According to statement , which says that `` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . I disagree with this statement because cars is the basic means of travel , no matter how many wheel they are , there can be two . three , four wheeled cars . The cars are the basic means of transportation , travel , for certian emergencies and to many more things and i think so in the coming years we can say that their can be more sophisticated cars , because the science and technology has been improving day-by-day . Before driving a car one should know the signals and precautions so that their can be no harm to the person . We can get many developed cars like there can be many things like reducing the size of the cars and giving more spacious cars and comfort for the passengers to seat . May be in the coming years we can get cars that are automatic like we do not need to have `` key '' to it can be started by and simple button . In the coming years , the companies can make the cars which are more conveneint for parking and the types of colours and the differences in the quality . Now-a-days , because of increase in the cars we can see many traffic jams and which causes to different types of pollution like sound , smoke . These causes can be very hazardious to the human being and even can kill a man . So science may find ways to make these solved . In the coming years we can see that the companies can change the fuels used by the cars and the technology can discover many useful gas which has many advantages and can save the uncontrolled levels of pollution to a decreased levels . So i think that cars can improve better way and can make the life of the human in a good ways
(FRE,medium) The issue at hand is to know how the evolution of the population will contribuate to the development of the utilisation of cars . I 'm agree with the prompt , thet states that in `` twenty years there will be fewer cars in use '' First , the development of technology makes that it easier to use other way that cars for traveling . in fact , nowaday , the underground are very developed , and faster than before , and also really good accomodate to the people 's needs . moreover , people have been used to use cars to travel far away or to go to vacation sites , but today habits have changed . people want to spend more time to enjoy than to travel so they choose to go with planes or train , and so do n't need car . Those new habits made me believe that it will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Secondly , i believe that it will be fewer cars in use , because there is to much trafic in the city . the fact tht in the last few years the number of cars increase makes a lot of diffuculties to drive into the city . to do just one kilometer you spend more time to wait in your car that to drive . i know from my own experience of driver , that if i want to be on time for a meeting i 'd rather choice to wolk or to use the subway , so we do n't need a car anymore . Therefor i believe that it will be fewer cars . Futhermore , i believe that it will be fewer cars because people are more and more understand the inpact of cars on the envirement . in fact , the increase of cars those few decades made the level of pollution very high . with the help of scientists who explain affect of gases on the envirement , people will choose another way to travel without having an impact on the envirement . For this reason i think that it will be fewer cars in the future . Finally , in my view it will be less cars because it become very expensive to have one . in fact , i 'm living in Paris and with all the new investigations there no place to park the car without paying , and with all that the price of the fuel does n't stop to increase , so you understand that people thimk twice before they decide to by a car . This points also makes me believe that the number of cars in use will be fewer than today . To conclude , I think that it will be les cars in twenty years thant today because car does n't still have all the advantage of those days , and now much more desadvantage makes the drivers use other wat to travel .
(GER,high) In my opinion the usage of cars will stay at a steady level , rather increase . Changes in propellants , road conditions , and a growing population can disagree in single points of views , but mostly suggest an increase in the number of cars . Scientists , governments , and car manufacturers are in the process of developing and improving engines using alternative propellants . These propellants include gas , hydrogen , or electricity , but are not limited to those . This development can cause a smaller dependency on oil . If this is true twenty years from now , people might have switched to those alternative propellants and do not see the necessity to get rid of a car in general . Arguments saying that the number of cars will decrease include facts like congested roads because of a growing population or a decreasing quality of road conditions . In addition some people claim and favor the usage of public transportation . I assume the behavior of people will not be changed in a recognizable amount . In a large city as I am living in both previously mentioned facts are true . Cars are though used in an increasing number . For many people the car still has more advantages than public transportation . As prices for public transportation also increase attitudes about this issue are unlikely to change twenty years from now . As mentioned before , population is increasing . Personally I am familiar with the Orlando , FL area . Throughout the past five years an incredible extension of the metropolitan area could be observed . I suppose that an increasing population causes areas to grow - making distances longer . This again can probably not be compensated by public transportation . People will continue to use cars . As far as I have experienced people mostly favor individual transportation in their cars rather than in crouded buses and trains . I doubt a chance in the future . Responses of urban and rural areas might also differ in response to this issue and must not be neglected . Generally I conclude a tendency to an increasing number of cars based on personal experience .
(JPN,medium) I do n't agree with the idea that there will be fewer cars in twenty years . First reason is that cars are currently most convenient transportation with high technology . It is convenient because we do not have to wait to drive a car without worrying about the weather and can easily get to the point where we would like to go unlike commercial train or bus . The technology is still developing which makes car run more fast and safe , provides user the confortable room inside the car . Once people gain the convenience , we will not be able to go back to inconvenient world . Second reason is that there will be more cars that are good for environment . Many car companies have been develoveped their technology and skills , and contributed to the environment . The price is yet high , but they were able to produce electonical car . Therefore , the car will meet people 's desire that technology will eventually go with it .
(TUR,medium) The Importance of Ideas and Concepts In Our Life I am a hundred percent agree that `` understanding ideas and concepts are more important for students than learning facts '' . Facts are generally the result of the ideas and concepts , while facts are the given situations or just the results . Ideas and concepts and facts have a relationship like the visible and invisible part of an iceberg . As you all know the visible part of an iceberg is very insignificant if we compare it to its invisible part . Therefore if students learn the ideas and concepts they will understand the reasons and causes of a fact . If they do so they will respond to the facts differently and more maturly . By learning ideas and concepts it will be easier for them to change the world into a better place but just learning the facts will not help them do that . In Generally the ideas and concepts play a role in the formation of the facts . For example , blindness is a fact but producing smth as a blind person is related to the concepts and ideas . Poverty is a fact but changing this situation into a better one is to do with ideas and concepts . Of course it has to do with the will power . Without the will power we ca n't change the facts that surround us . That is the reason why understanding ideas and concepts is more meaningful in my opinion . The ideas and concepts in the world that make a change and have an effect on the facts .
(KOR,high) Looking at the television , newspapers , books , or even our own environment , we can easily view successful people who live a valuable and meaningful life . Some may argue they merely did what they already knew how to do well . However , two successful models , Tyra Banks and Ki-Man Lee , contradict the idea . First , Tyra Banks took a new step to be a model when she could have just gone to the college she was already accepted . When she was only seventeen years old , Tyra banks decided to take a new step : being a model . She immediatley goes to Paris in France and looks for opportunities . However , it was not easy as it sounds . She lived in a small apartment , cramped with twenty other models , away from her family . Everyday , in oder to get a job , she will go to twenty five agencies a day , and will be on time for every single one of them . After all the hardship she went through , she finally had a contract with an agancy in Paris and started to begin her career . Of course , she continued to try her best at every situation , and finally became known to the public after seveal years . Now , she is one of the most noted , admired , and respected models in the world . She is now viewed as a successfull model possessing intelligence and maturity . Second , Ki-Man Lee took a new step of being a model when he was once a wrester who weighted 230 pounds . As a young boy , Ki-Man Lee always dreamed of being a model . But it was only a dream for him , since he was a professional wrester who was far from having a model body . When he was 27 years old , however , he decides to achieve his goal . At first , people derided him for even thinking about such a goal . But no one could stop him . By hard work , he lost 100 pounds and fled to Paris . Like Tyra Banks , he visited numerous agencies and was eventually accepted . He then expanded his career to be a runway model in the most noted fashion runway . Now , he is a famous and successful model in France , where people admire him for his determination and ambition . In short , Tyra Banks and Ki-Man Lee transfered from doing what they already know ho to do , to attempting new things . This enabled both of them to be successful and respected models . People are meant to be successful if they take risks and try new things because they have the courage and determination to take a new step .
(ARA,medium) Travel with Tour guide Many people travle to anothere country to learn or to see the other cultures . in order to do that people should have some i nformation about the country thery are going too . Then they can konw more about the country or the place thery are planning to go to . there many way to do that one for example reading abook or ask some freinds or go to atravel agency to help them or to advise them to place that they sould go to . i think the best way of having more information and konlwegd is have tour giude that can help the travlers and makre them have fun . I think that is i good way to know more information and make the travelers dont miss the best places that people should visite . I think that more effective and helpfful because , having a tour guide and he or she is usualy form the place that the traveler are heading too . The tour guide will provied much inforamtiom and rsonse to the traveler much then asking a freind . For example he or she will have the best to teach or inflounce the traveler . In addetion , some times the tour giude will teach the traveler the country clutures and languge or slang that travel agency can not do . That will make them have more infornmation knowleged and inflonuce about the people who live in this country . Also , it will make it easy for the travelr to ask them about the culture . Because usualy traveler have a lot of question that they need to now about the culture that they are going to and it is not easy for them to ask someone who live there . Also the tour giude can interduoce the people or the travelr to the cultur food or best places to go or the best hotles or city because they will much konlwged about it . For example , last year i went with my famliy to Hong Kong , China which is the biggest city the east cosat of China . We had toure giude , he helkp us and lead us to the right places that it is covienet for my family and the othere travelers who were with us in the group . actually he advises us to the cheap and good hotle for us . I think that people should tkae a tour giude if they want to enjoy there time and mkae thier trips teach them and inflounce them beside just having fun .
(ITA,medium) I would say that I agree with this statement , because it is true that in our society markentig has become more important and significant than the product self , but I am also a sort of victim of this kind of marketing business . I am studing marketing because I am attending a master in international managment and I can support that the buyers prefer rely on products that they know because they have seen them on the television rather than trust in produts that are well made but that are not sponsorized enough . I can say that I am also fashinated from this kind of products , and sometimes , when I buy a new product , I recognize at home that I have bought that just because I have seen it on the television or on the newspapers . It is a sort of subconscional imput that I can not take under controll . Moreover I have to confess that I care the packaging of the product more than the quality , and I am keen on buying products that are colorfull or funny in their shape more than those that have a better quality . I have studied that it is tested that this kind of behaviour is quite common especially between young women because they are more significantly attracted by advertisment more than men . For example , my grandmother does not like going to do shopping with me bacause she does not understand my way to buy unusefull things , she is more responsable , and she used to spend her money just buying what she really need , because she has lived in a poor period during the war and she does not accept to waste money . According to this explanation I can conclude that I can not agree with the statement even if it is true .
(CHI,medium) Communities are made up of people and a community can only improve or be better if people in the community are willing to help and spend time on it . I agree that young people nowadays are occupied by so many other things that their certain community is ignored . It is true that as the country develops the fundamental unit of the society - communities become more and more important . Activities are organised to raise the awarness of certain things which people tend to forget as they become busier . For example , fundrasing ideas are often raise in my school to either raise the awarness of Mali , the country which we are spouncering or to raise money for their education or particular events happening in school . The 12th grades has just did a spouncer walk to raise the spirits and awarness of Mali . The outcome was a great success , more student have a further understanding of what is Mali like at the same time more than 700 pounds is raise throught the activity . Yet , as the industry develops , people race with time . Things are forgotten especially when people are busy and therefore participate less in the community . For instance , as a senior in the school , there are so many things that I need to worry , such as university application , personal statement and the academic work . There are very little time that I could spend on other things else such for example , being part of the Student Government which improves students ' lifes at school or join sports team as an interest . These after school activites are time consuming , for students like me , time can said to be the most important factor at this stage and should eb used to study . In conlusion , young people like students nowadays do n't spend so much time helping their communities , one reason is because students are occuppied by studying , another is reason is becasue if there are more intersting things to do such as going to a movie , why bother to help the community which does n't have direct effect on them .
(JPN,high) Do you want to enjoy your life ? There is many ways of enjoying your life . What I think of enjoying a life is to be fun , and proud of what you are doing at all time . I disagree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do , because what ever you do , the age does not matter , have more experiences , and they should understand the importance of enjoying their lifes . Some people enjoy their life at all time , but the other does not enjoy it all the time . Some even does not enjoy their life at all . To enjoy your life , what can you do ? For example , I would go shopping and hang out with my friends . I believe that is what most of young people would do . Talk with friends , doing what you want to do . Although does this have to be young people ? The answer is no . Older people can also go shopping and hang out with their friends . There is no such things that young people can do and the older can not . Older people have more experience to many things . Therefore they can always challenge themselves to do something harder . This gives the guts to do and overcome what they had done before . They also can do the things that they had done long ago and feel like they are young again . As you get older , you begin to understand the importance of time more . As young people just willing what they want to do , and ignoreing what they does not want to do , old people prefer to do what they can do . Young people tends to forget the thankness of being able to do things that they are doing right now . Although as you get old , you learn the importance of being able to `` do '' and be happy about it . Older people enjoy their time so much more . Feeling greatful of your life is not a easy thing to do . Although there is no people that does not want to enjoy their life . It is important to understand that you should be thankful to what you are doing and spend your time that makes no regrets in the future .
(TUR,high) In history , marketing was always an essential part of trade . Even in the early ages where trade was done exclusively with goods being exchanged with no currency , a person needs to describe the benefits of his product to the other person . If the person proves that his product is more useful than it really is , he can drive a better bargain . So , making products seem much better than they really are is the essence of trading even in trade 's earliest years . By the end of nineteenth century , the producer driven economies began to show up . New companies that both research technologies , make products and market those products were found . These companies were the origins of todays corporate system . Some examples are the companies found by Thomas Edison . After finding the ligament used in electric lighting , he began marketing his product to urban parts of America . In this process , he had to prove that electric lighting is much better than gas lighting . Therefore , the process of advertising is being used by companies for over a hundred years , and it has become an essential part of trade . Another more recent example is Microsoft . Most people , even the people not born at that time , have seen the advertisements for Windows 1.0 . This particular operating system was shown as a great tool that would assist anyone . But , in the end Windows 1.0 came out to be an incompetent operating system . There are many examples like this in daily life in newspapers and television , with the same patterns . So , advertisements used today make products seem much better than they really are - this is an innate part of marketing . To sum it up , I agree that most advertisements shows products as if they are much useful than they really are . However , it is the nature of advertisements .
(TUR,medium) The world has been continuing on developing since the first day of the humanity . In addition to the worlds development , the population is also growing day by day . As the population grows , the world is getting bigger and bigger , human needs change proportionally . For instance , in ancient times people do not need to go around the world and as a result a hourse may be enough for them . However , todays ' technological developments bring more needs that is the a part of lifes for people such as cars . First of all , most of the cities are metropolitan cities that have much necessaties for people when living there . In small towns people are not able to find even a hospital , they have to go small health care centers by walking or for shopping . This situation changes when you live in big cities . People have to go everywhere fastly and they prefer to choose have cars . Today most of the people have more than one car because every member of the family has his or her own life and own needs . They do not want to wait for a bus or someone else to go with . In addition to this most of the people want to have a car for enjoying rather than basic needs . People travel all around the world with their cars to see all different places while driving car and if they want they resident those places for one or two days how thay want . Secondly , the cars have a very excrusiating importance in todays trade . Every year so many cars are being exported and imported to foreign countries or the the country that the traders live in . So many people earn lots of money with the car trade , car renting and public transportation in hole world . As a last concept , it must not be forgotten that the importance of petrol that is used for cars mostly . There are countries who want to be the owner of other counries that have many petrol foundations . That will be good not to forget about that there is no person who do not go to a gas station in a week . Since the petrol is used for cars mostly , the cars have e very big importance at this situation . Consequently , since the cars are used in so many different areas such as public transportation , personal usage , trading and renting , the cars will have more importance in people 's life than today and every house parking lot will have more than one car that a family has .
(KOR,medium) Nowadays many people dream to be a ` succesful person ' in his or her society . In my oppinion those succesful people try to express something they already know well rather than try new things . That is why I disagree with the statement saying ` succesful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . ' Most of success comes from doing something you already know such as drilling oil , developing upon something somebody already made , and having comfortable family . Idea of drilling oil and selling them existed since the industrial revolution in England . However , people drilling oil are still one of the richest people in the world . My friend Sanjar 's dad was just a high ranked government officer in small country called Uzbekistan . When his dad started to own a oil drilling business . Now his dad drives Mercedes , owns summer house in 4 different countries , and gives his some 100 dallars a day . Another example of getting rich without trying the new thing is developing upon something someone already acomplished . In this way you can just pick up an idea of someone else , modify it and sell them . For instance , Ipod , one of the most famous mp3 player brand just copied off an idea of one South Korean company . All they did was add bigger memory and create new attractive design . Last exmaple of being succesful people is people with happy family . Creating happy family and managing well existed for centuries . Yet they are not admired by some people it is very hard to acomphish and it is very pleasant to acomplish . I can say people like my dad have very succeful life since he never divorced or never have kids that smoke or drink . Eventough , who is succesful or not can be differ from person to person . I believe most people who have succesful life are people who held on to their knowledge and skills they have rather than try whole new idea .
(ARA,medium) Indeed I disagree that young people enjoy their life more than old people because I believe that old people have more time to enjoy themselves , have less responsibilities and have a good life experience and resources which they can use to enjoy themselves . Old people usually have much time for enjoyement . They are almost retired after they finished their work time and so they will concentrate on enjoying theirselves through travelling abroad or did their own favorite hobbies like reading , painting , etc ... Other important thing which enable elderly to enjoy their life is the fact that they are free . They have no much responsibilities to do . They are already retired from work so they will not care about their boss or their duties . Their kid are independent now so they will not worry about them . All these factors give old people time and chance to enjoy themselves and not anything else . The life experience and knowledge usually old people gained from their long enrollement in work , reading and dealing with people will surely offer them the capability to enjoy their time . They know most places which worths visiting . They know how to choose their friends and peers , and they can deal with any problem might face them . In addition to that old people might collect much more money than young did , so they can use their money in enjoyment . In conclusion , I believe that old people can enjoy their life much better than young people do , this is because old people have more time and money , got better experience , and lastly they are free from responsibilities which the younge people have .
(FRE,medium) It is better to have broad knowledge of many accademic subjects than to specialize in one subject . We will see in a first part why i schouldn t agree with this statement and in a second part why i schoud agree . I schouldn t agree with this statement . Indeed , i think in a first way that it can be better for a pupil to specialize in one specific subject . Every body have a favourite subject , a passion . It would be more interresting for the student to work in his favourite subject , he would work with happiness , and would like what he is doing . For exemple , a student who loves mathemathiq would rather prefer working in a scientific subject than in a art subject . He will have an idea of what to do for a job , he will be in good healthy . I schould agree with this statement . Firstly , i think that it can be good to studies different academic subect . Indeed , this might be verry interrissing to have various subject , from scientific to philosophical . For exemple , if a student doesn t like a subject , he would have other subjects that he should like . Althought he would have lots of assignements , he would know about lot of things in the world Moreover , a student can be bored , annoyed with just one specific subject To conclude , i can say that i m always at school and i am more scientific . Next year , i would choose just one specific subject and i think it s verry interressing to change my way of life . I think i would rather prefer next year because i would have just my favourite subject math . But , it was verry interressant to studies differnts subects during my studies .
(KOR,low) Some people feel that it is more important to learn facts than to understand ideas and concepts . personally , i think that it is more valuable to understand ideas and concepts . Some students , when they read something , they want to understand that article , while other do not . so they konw exactly what they read how much they undersood . they are not just preparing for the test at the moment . My cosin , he has a habit of readidng . he usually bring a book , and ask something to some one , he wants to understand the bood
(CHI,low) I agrre about the following statement . I t is imortant that facts is one of communications to learn students . There are three reasons why . First of all , it has interest things . Second of all , it has a lot of imformation . Third of all , it has good education . And then I think that it conects several idea for them . The first reason is that it is difficult to interest the education for students . For instance , some students are ignore about lessons or are a lot of lazy studets . If teacher use the facts , it could be interest the lessons . The second reason is that latest information is useful . For example , if they teach the facts , students might be keep seaching th one things . Therefore , it has possible that they pay attention about history . The third reason is that if they improved their ability , they interested education to leran something to lessons . In addition , if they teach facts , students try to discuss about one things . This is both good for them . At the moment , they try to learn something togethger . They willbe freinedly also they understand each others . In conclusion , I absolutely agree about that . In the world , there have a lot of communication tool . I think that one of communication is easy to underastand idea is facts . First , students are really interested in facts . Second , teacher can teach about latest information . Third , good education is good for them . Finally , Facts has several information because I definity agrre about the statement .
(ARA,low) I agree with this statement that it is better to have knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . Of course there are many reasont to agree with this statement , for example , studying many subjects will help us in our future life that we got alot of knowledge and experience of studying these subjects , also it will help u to study any major u want in universities because u had already studied most of the subjects , and for the far future for getting a job it will help alot that u studies these all subjects . I think also it help in ur family life that you can help your kids in studying at schools by teaching them and explaining many thing that you had already know about it . In conclousin , studying many subjects help alot in yuor future life , so i advice any person to go thru many subjects and read alot it helps in many ways .
(JPN,low) In my opinion , succcesful people try to new things while they are with many mistakes , and they will keep until it will be success what they want to make somothing . For example , Egyison Tohmas who made a electolonic things . He is familier with everyone and he is popular person for successful . So I agree with successful people try new things and take risks . There are two reasons . One reason is seccess and failuer are conected always . When i learn cooking first time . I could n't cook anything even though just cut foods , at that time I cut my hands , yet when I cooked a food second times , it was a success . Another reasons is try new things are discover somthing new ever I have n't knew things . I like to know new things and I do n't care what kind of risks . Thus I think It is important to try new things and take risks for successful people .
(KOR,medium) I agree with the idea that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years later than today . There are several cconditions to make this phenomenon possible . First , the fuels for cars will be almost depleted in the future . This condition will render to decrease the amounts of usage of the cars . The usage of car will be distinct , when the energy source of the cars are all used up . It will continue until the other energies are discovered . Second , there will be other transportations which can replace the cars . There will be a huge change in technology and science , thus other transportation can be developed . For example , the airplane can be produced in small size , small as cars , with large amounts , and by low cost . Thus , it can be used as cars we uses in the present . Last , the tranportations will not be needed at all . As I stated on the last paragraph , there will be a huge developement . A machine that can send people or materials from one place to another place can be invented . If this kind of machine is invented , it will be worthless to use any transportation . In sum , there will be fewer usage of the cars in twenty years later than that of the present . It will be fewer due to the lack of the source of energy , or the developement of other transportations , or the invention of the machine that can convey people and materials .
(SPA,medium) I think that in twenty years there wo n't be fewer cars than there are today because of different factors as it can be tha growth of the population , the improvements of the technics or the globalization . The population is growing on every country because of the improvement in the sanity , technologies ... That makes that the population growths also in the `` first world countries '' so morew people will be able to reach a car . Also , one of the main points is the improvement of the technology . Maybe it can be thought that because of the polution or the non pollutions plans that the governments are trying to impulse in some years most of the people will change their cars for the public transport . Because of that the car companies are investing money in evolute new green technologies like hidrogen batteries that will make possible to use a car without polutting , in fact you will creat just water instead of dioxide carbon that is really harmfull for our enviroment . In deed , that improvement of the technology will make cheaper all the proces of making a car , so there will be more people who will be able to obtain a car when before that improvement they could n't . And here is where the globalization get 's in . All the old technologies that are not useful in the `` first world countries '' will be sold on sale to those countries that are not that rich . In that way , countries where most of the people could n't afford a car , they will have cars reacheble . And that means more cars beeing used on the world . To sum up , I think that all the problems such as politics plans or enviromental pollution because of the use of petrol , will be resolved by the improvemnt of technology that is already known , such as hidrogen batteries as I told before .
(KOR,medium) Cars are indispensible thing to live in this modern life . When I was young our family did n't have a car and it was n't strange thing at all . In contrast , now our family owns two cars and also it is more difficult to find someone who does n't have a car in these days . We need cars in order to live in this morden life for many reasons . However , I do believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than now . Cars are important to live , right ? However , let us think what is more important thing to live . Can you guess what I am talking ? Yes , I am talking about the enviormental issue . Again , cars are essential to live , but the earth , air , nature are much more important in order to maintain your life . The conservation nature activities are really popular these days . We have been killing our very home by overusing cars . Then , people started to realize how they have been doing something wrong . I am Korean , from Seoul , one of the biggest cities in the world . In Seoul , there are thousands and thousands of cars . If you see the sky in distance , we can see how dark it is . We know it is comfortable to use own car . However , we also come to realize that it is the time to protect our nature . So , we have started a compain not to use a car even a day a week . I guess , some people might contend that the life is getting busier and busier , There are some work to be done ASAP . No time to wait the bus to come . We need a car ! However , there is another reason why I believe that less cars might be used in the future . Here , the advent of the Internet . Now you do n't really go in person to talk and to do soem meeting , you can use the internet and do video conferance . Futher , I am sure there will be better way to work with a person in distant later . Like alternative transportation which does n't cause the air pollution . In sum , if all the relevant factor are taken into account , we should n't overuse a car . I do hope many people think our nature first than their own comfort . That 's why I think there will be fewer cars than now in twenty years .
(SPA,medium) Many expertises in the managment field have declared that the people we used to look up have that quality of trying new thigs and exprees opinions that could have other directions that most of the regular people would think . I agree with this statement because history has showed us that the success , in any field of the human behavior , reach those who dare to go against `` regular costumes '' . For example , everybody thougt that Christopher Columbus was insane when he expressed his idea of an espherical planet . `` The earth is plane '' , this was the general thougth and evrybody laughted at him when Columbus decided to proved them wrong . We already know what happened after he got the support of Queen of Spain . Probably , he died not knowing that his madnees wolud lead and prove a revolutionary theory about our planet . JesusChrist , the most amazin man ever lived , is the real proof that revolutionary thougts would lead the society to evaluate its behevior and change their costumes . After 2.000 years , his learnings has effected every society in the world . Albert Einstein , known physician and called `` Father of modern physics '' . With his Relativity Theory , Einstein explained the behavior and the reason for every phenomenom that ocurrs in the nature , he took part in major researches around the world , and his theories are subject of investigation now in these days . He was a lonely man , and probably was consider as `` abnormal to the society '' , but time has proved us how his madnees change the world . Taking a look at these three examples we can see that persons who dare to make and to express ideas that lead to new things change our manners , costumes and even our way of thinking . Many succeful people follow these lessons and teachings , and the consecuences are that their way of livining and ideas take places in our minds and thougths and we hope that we can introduce them in our life
(ITA,high) I can say I do agree with the statement because the whole industry of advertising has been constructed on the use of psychological tricks that can work to perasuade average people , or more likely some targets of people , to buy a certain product . The characteristics described in TV advertising have often been exagerated because people have to be impressed in first place to remember the name of a product , recognize it in the shop and then buy it . Fact is , that people can effectively realize how good a product is only once they have tried it , but this way the aim of the advertising campaign has already been reached . Now , what are the strategies people can develop to defend themselves from this sort of manipulation ? First , they can try to get suggestions from people they know and trust , such as relatives of friends , about a specific product they are willing to buy . Second , they can take advantage of the large number of offers dealers make when they have to launch a new product on the market : this way they can try something new without spending too much money on it . Third , people can always count on some associations , which have been specifically created to defend customers from manipulation of companies ' advertising . These are often no profit organization which are giving to give suggestions and assistance when people need it , making sure that the clause `` satisfied or refunded '' is respected . In conclusion I would like to recommend people to always think twice before buying something which looks too good , because , as far as everybody knows , good brands never need advertising simply because their name is always on everyone 's mouth .
(ARA,low) I disagree with thie stament because i think there are meny young people work hard and give enough time to helping their communties , so , there are many reasons to disagree with this statment . The reasons that i disagree with this statment ; for example , young people studying hard , communicate with other people , and trying to convice old people with them ideas . First of all , young people studying hard in university and treying to improve them selves by getting high marks and entering the best companies and get the best position in them works to improve them countries . Second , there are many young people communicate witk others young people to try to help each others by them ideas for a reasult to help the communities . Third , in my actual experince i found many young people trying to convince the old people with them ideas and let them help to do the things they want to improve them countries . In conclusion , i think there are many young people trying to help with them ideas to help the communities and maybe just few are not helping , so , i advice every one to help their communities and work hard in every thing they try to attend in it .
(FRE,high) Nowadays , people start worrying about the future of the car . The car is an everyday necessity for most people in our developed countries but it also raises many issues such as pollution and urban mobility . I think that within twenty years , there will be fewer cars for these two issues will have been adressed . Urban mobility is a major subject for all big cities all over the world . If you want to keep a city attractive for investors , workers , tourists and inhabitants , people have to be able to move , and what 's more , to move fast . Of course , to make it possible , there 's a need for space . The issue at state is obviously economical . Traffic jams are a sign of a lack of space and above all the need to launch great urbanisation policies . A few years ago , London decided to instaure a fee for cars who wanted to circulate in the inner city . Paris , is launching a great campaign to encourage people to take public transportation instead of their own cars . I reckon that efficient public transportation is the key success to an attractive city . Cars are no longer the future of cities and for this reason there will be fewer and fewer cars within two decades . But the most preoccupying problem caused by cars is pollution . Indeed , cars are responsible for a large part of environmental problems such as the pollution of air . Even though , cars are used everywhere in developed countires , they are concentrated in small urban centers , which makes it all the more concerning . In cities , the density of cars and the traffic jams make pollution a real preoccupation . Despite the urban mobility policies , the development of alternative technologies can also help to reduce pollution . But , for these new technologies are expensive , I think people will prefer public transportation to these new cars . Over all , there will be fewer cars because they cause too many problems . In conclusion , I think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars because urban mobility will become a field of economic competition between big cities and that environment concerns will be taken seriously .
(ARA,medium) Knowledge is something that people have to have in order to have any academic career . Whether or not it is for one subject , knowledge is vital in order to make people aware and ready to make any career developments . In my oppinion , I think that specialising in one certain area , would mean that people can focus on one subject only , and that would provide more time for people to spend improving that subject and therfore makes him an expert . However , it can be a dangerous way to head to , because there are some issues that needs to be thought of . For example , in the future people may think that the career path that they have chosen is not what they want to contniue doing , that would mean that they will have to start over again , and study everything from the start . This can be very frustrating and overwhelming because it would mean that they would have to put a ` pause ' in their lives for the moment to try focus on other subjects . Having a variety of academic subjects gives a person a wider range of jobs and even a better qualification because it means that a person has studied more than one subject and is capable of handling responsibilities . In the end , every one should think of their lives and if studying more than one subject will mean that they will not be capable of handling many things at once then they should focus on one subject without regrets , but if I was to make a choice , I would prefer to have more than one academic subject to study because it would open more doors in the future and would make me feel proud of what I have achieved and I would have many job offers to chose from and I would also benifit from that because I would choose the carrer that most suites me .
(TEL,medium) Successful people always need not try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . But sometimes I support that trying to do things in new manner always gives the interest and enthusiasm to work but at the same time all the ways which a person selects may not lead to success . And when we talk in the other manner , the exact way to success will always be only one i.e. hard work which are the inspirational saying of Swami Vivekananda ( A famous pylosophist of India ) and one cannot achieve the success if one does follow the other way than working hard . The successful person only dares to take the risk to try new things as he already experienced the success and the unsuccessful person cannot take risk everytime to try things in new style but he can search for the best path which would lead to his success In my opinion , I agree partially , that the successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well because they do not wanted to get bored with the same old ways to do things . And rather they like to have some risks to do their job in a different manner which would add the spice to their work and life . But at the same time it add the risk and the job may not be successfull .
(KOR,medium) Some people agree to the idea that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning concepts . Others think learning facts should come first . In terms of critical thinking , I have to say understanding ideas and concepts is more helpful and worthy than learning facts . Based on the field of study , facts are playing a important role . For instance , if you are a biology student you should know all the terminologies related to the human body in order to explore further topics . In Art , knowing the differences of Realism and Classicism is the foundation of your knowledge . Then , you can classify genres and styles of movies . However , students will not be able to develop critical thinking unless they understand ideas and concepts if they know about only facts . For example , with a scientific fact is presented in class and no discussion or analyzation is followed to help students understand the concepts , Once students understand the ideas why a certain history event had happened in the past , it would be easy for them to understand the consequenses of that event . In conclusion , both understanding ideas and concepts ant learning facts are critical in learning .
(TEL,medium) I partially agree with the statement that either understanding the ideas and concepts is importent or to learn the facts . Because every thing in our life cant be understand through the ideas and concepts that which it neede more creative mind . firstly when we talk about the ideas and concepts these some times easy to understan but some times very typical to understan . And this also depends on the type of the mind that the student has . and understanding ideas and concepts also depends on the way how we have brought in our life . because if a student is restricted to certain things in his childhood then he cant have a creative mind . and if there is every thing understood through the ideas then there will be more number of scientists than the normal persons on the earth . And the other thing we have to talk about is learn facts that is learning through the experiences . and every thing cant be experienced because if we think wearing helmet can implemented after facing any problen then its just like taking chance in our life . and every thin cant be learned through the facts becayse every thing cant be a fact in our life . because it is difficult to get every thing as a fact . and if we wait for a fact to be happened in our life then our life will be completing just for learning and not for implementing those which we have learned . And the importent thing is understandind ideas and concepts gives the sharpness to our mind as we go on understanding them but there are some concepts which cant be understan through ideas but we can undertand them through the facts , thus there is the need of facts . and learning things through the facts is a good thing that which improves our practical knowledge . but every thing cant be a fact so it is good to learn them from the ideas and concepts . and the reproduction of the plantsa and animalas can be well understan through the facts .
(ARA,low) Travling one of many things the poeple like to do it . Each persone or group ( families or friends ) who travil togther has or have own way . One of these ways is travel in group led by a tour guid . I diagree with the people who do or like that for many reasons . First of all , always the tour guide has a specfic time to do his jop every day . If you miss the group you miss all think . One of my friend who tried this before he unhappy and advise me to do not take it all of my live . When he was in Italy with the group . The people did not wake up in the morning and all days scuall was done . Second , some of the tour guide give the people who wuold like to travil with them the deams vecation . The try to make the group begger and complite the seats and rooms withch they maed reasvitions . In addation , when you spend this days you see lots of diffrentces . Then you understand them . Thired , you can do all of activeties by your self with your friends or families . Search on the internet ask people who visitted the please you would like to spend your vacetion . You will save many , time , and have privesy ( privet ) . We like the tour guide ads and programs . But still the travel with your group is the best . For all thes reasons I complitlly disagree with the people who do or like that .
(ITA,medium) Today it-s impossible walk easly in the city . There are so much cars that stopped the street when you walk , and the smog it-s the bad thinks . I lke the city whitout cars cars and less traffic , you can see it with another side ... It s amazing if i can look 50 years few my city ... It-s ok , cars are very very important for our life ; go to work , shopping , go to holiday , go out at the night , ... But the problem is not how many cars are around , the problem is what we use this . In Milan are a lot of big cars , and the use of this it-s incredible . For instance people bring cars only to make 5 minutes ... The main facts is the envelope that the cars make at the ambient . We can see now .. , the big problem in a polar place , the great reaning in the south america , the hot in the summer and cold in the winter ! For me all the country most find a just resolution for this problem ... I like so much my cars too , it-s beautiful and very confortable but If i want go to the city center i always keep the public bus , then i haven t problem with traffic , not stress and to find a parcking .. I am agree to the london city ... he introduced a ticket if you want go in with car , it-s a good solution . Now in Milan we can m The tecnology grown every day and this is a good things , First of all everyone has his car and believe it is necessary for him for going to work ,
(GER,medium) I absolutely agree with the statement that advertisements promise more than they actually can . If you go to a store with having in mind what you are going to buy , you usually do not pay much attention to other things while you are going through the store . You finally arrived in the section where your product is to be find and you are just about to grab it when a huge commercial sign for the same product but from a different company catches your eye . You buy it , try it and you come to the conclusion that it was not worth its money at all . `` It looked so colorful and its positive references from other users convinced me . '' That is one of the answers people respond after they were asked why they did not stay with the product they are used to use . A lot of times companies try to provide their customers with as much fake information about a certain product as they can . That is just the way they get all the money . Imagine an advertisement of a microwave would list all its disadvanteges next to its advantages . Would people buy it ? No ! Companies want to make their product to look better next to all the others which are on the market but people are always looking for the perfect thing whatever it may be and that is why they , the customers will always do the mistake and buy things which are
(FRE,medium) While we are studying it is good to know what should I learn . Should I keep working in a subject that I already master or shoud I developpe a wildspread culture ? On one side I could specialize in order to become one of the best in what I am doing but having no abilities to recycle myself in another suject , while in the other hand I can learn enough to have an overall culture and knowledge but no special skill . A lot of scientific developpement would n't have happened if scientist just focused on one subject . For instance , even if Einstein improve the way a viewing physics , he would n't have been able to developpe his theories if he had n't mastered mathematics . Usualy greats intellectuals have a broad knowledge that give them a new way of seeing their specific subject . So in many ways both assertion are complementary . Personaly I am a very curious person . For me all knowledges are good to fulfill my intellectual curiosity . Therefore I found it interesting to fly from one subject to another that to study one field that would allow me to become the best in a subject that I only few can understand . For this reason I believe that it is `` better '' to have broad knowledge . It is more social . However our social environment and our society enhance expert . If you want to be hire by company , wathever you are doing , you need to be good at it . That the reason why school and university are providing student with a very precise knowledge . You can easily find cours of developpement economy or in french Middle-Age litterature . Our culture is driven by experise . At any cost , you have to master at least one subject . In my view this attitude is dangerous to culture . Culture is diversity , therefore one shoud seek for a broad knowledge , rather than a specific subject .
(CHI,medium) People may regrad traveling as a mean of relexing as other may think it is a chance to widen our point of view . No metter , what the reason would be , there is only two ways to travel , that is with or without a guild . Someone may think the best way to travel , which i totally argee with , is in a group led by a tour guide . To begin with , travel with a guide in a group can ensure the safety of the tour . Many rules of the locals that we may not know may occurs , and if we offended the locals the result would be destructive . Like in China , Western may not know that Chinese is extremely susceptible to things that may bring bad luck . For an example , walking under a ledder , breaking the mirror or even using the wrong foot to enter a building . Moreover , the guide which knows the place well may tell you is that place safe or not . For instant , he may advice you to keep an eyes on your wallet in some certain market due to the pickpocketer . Secondly , every things included air ticket , hotal room and food may casue cheaper . Some people may think that fee would be inflated dramically in the hand of a guide . This is not totally true because although some extra fee may include , some certain expence may apportion among the group . Finially , travelling in a group may have more fun . While traveling in a group , we could surely make friend in the tour ! There will be more fine to have frineds to travel along . If you were travelling alone , it would be obviously boring . In short , regard to the aloneliness , i would say travelling alone would be rather pathic . If we travel within a group , we could share our happiness with them instantly . In short , undoubtablely the best way to travel is to be in a group . Safety of the tour and oneself could be maintain becuase the guide could thell you what we should aware of . Price of the ticket could be decrased . Last , if provide a chance for you could meemore new friends !
(GER,medium) I think it is necessary to define the term car concerning this question , it can either be the car as we know it today , a vehicle using a large amount of a non renewable ressource , or it can be the same thing , just different , different in shape and size , but mostly in the type of energy it will use . I disagree with the statement because i am of the opinion , that as soon as petrol gets too expensive for the average driver of a conventional car , the possibilities of alternative car desings and engines , will soon be much more attractive and new customers for new ideas will be found by then . I think people will call those vehicles cars as well and there will be a large amount of those new vehicles . Probably we will have more cars than ever before , because once the big car companies think they can make money with cars running on alternative fuels or engines , they will try as hard as they can to be as competetive and influencial as they are now . This influnce can lead to large substities and tax advantages in the beginning of the rise of those new cars , that will make the process very fast if it has startet . Some might say that there will be an increase in the use of public transport systems , that is true , but only in big cities where cars are not as important as they are outside urban areas . Human beings are creatures with habits , one habit is driving cars , having the convenience of independence . I do n't think that it is possible to take cars away totaly , not even partly , there can only be more , because that is the way almost all our societies work , based on growth and developement , there wo n't be any steps backward , there will be changes in the way we drive , but humans will drive because we are used to it .
(TUR,high) I agree with the only first part of the statement which says that `` Successful people try new things and take risks '' because this is the precondition for achievement in both business and personal life . However , I disagree with the rest of the statement which emphasizes that the successful people do not simply do what they already know how to do well . In my opinion , these people can become successful by the help of the things that are already familiar with them . Now I would like to mention the basic ideas behind my contention . First of all , trying new things and taking risks require a high level of self confidence and this is one of the most significant characteristics that many successful people possess . Self-confidence enables them to apply new methods or take new decisions in their both professional and business lives . Moreover , being open to new developments or ideas widens the people 's perceptions regarding the issues or concepts and so this brings the success . Furthermore , to take risks may at the same time lead to increase in chance for invention . In other words , it can be accepted as a way to be an inventor of something . On the other hand , all of these can not be possible without using the old knowledge . That is to say , a person can be more self-confident if he or she really trusts his or her own knowledge , experience and ability which had gained before . Most of the time , by relying on their already acquired skills , they are able to become successful . In addition to this , the experience gathered from previous tasks provides remarkable clues about the nature of the risks . By already predicting the results of the risks , many successful peopl decide to take a certain risk . In other words , while they take the risks and try new things , they also guarantee themselves . This generally becomes apparent in the case of the businessmen working for many years and knowing the inside of the business issues .
(TEL,low) `` TRY AND TRY UNTILL U SUCCED '' ____________________________________________________ - i agree with the following state ment successful people try new thing and achieve better reults when compared to the people who always thinks the same results in the people who want to achieve success they may have suffered with many problems but they didnt for get about their goals . IN their mind their will be certain ideas they will implent the ideas on their new tasks they will definately acquire good results ( success is the next step for failure ) in their minds always new thoughts and ideas will alway roll in their mind if a person wants to succed in life he should be dedicated toward 's his work he should be optimistic , his maturity also plays a vital role in his success . success people if aproblem has arise in their task they also know how to over come the task they will develop a character that it will not be able to distinguish by the people who think same , success people are the people who dare to do everything even though if they are failure in their task they know how to overcome from the problem they ill again try for the same task success people are the people who invent the new things they all of a sudden not became success in their life they had gone several up and down in their life , they had spent many sleepless nights they had worked for the people they lets take example telephone is invented by alaxader graham bell if the telephoen is not invented how the communication is made possible ? with the invention of telephone we can able to talk with the people who are staying in other country 's . success full people in their mind their have only one word which roll 's around their tounge that is `` i can do it '' this word certainly make 's the different . that 's why they can achieve better results when compared to the normal people who think 's the same they doesnt depend on their luck they depend only on their hard work they believe in hard work . they do the work honestly and sinciarly and achieve good results with ths i conclude this essay .
(KOR,high) Today , many students seem to choose to study more than one major in the university for certain purposes . To know more than one subject or major can be a benefit for people , but I believe that to specialize in one specific field is a better choice because in the long run , more knowledge of diverse subjects will be beneficial to the future career . In addition , it encourages people to think more creatively . To begin with , general knowledge on every aspect of academic subjects is essential to perform a job of higher position and lead people in the future . To be sure , special skills and knowledge help people to get better jobs and give them more ability to achieve what they want in work place or in academic field . However , as people go up to the superior position , or to take more responsibility , they will have to see the whole forest , not a single tree . That means , without general knowledge in every aspect that is related to the entire goal or process , you will likely to get lost in how to manage and lead other people in the respective field . In this sense , people need to broaden thier view and this can be done by studying many academic subjects . Furthermore , with their broad knowledge of many academic subjects , people are able to develop their potential creative-thinking ability . It is widely know that creativeness evolves from various academic backgrounds . For example , I have a cousin who studies a lot of subjects in the university . She is majoring in english literature , but she also studies on other subjects such as music , physics , and golf . This made her think and act creatively . She won the most innovative essay of the university twice and a lot of professor say that her problem-solving way is always fresh and new . This shows that many academic knowledge encourages the creativeness . In summary , to have specialized and professional knowledge on a certain subject may a benefit to people , but because general information will help people in the future and it generates creativity , I agree to have broad knowledge .
(CHI,medium) Travel is become more and more popular nowadays . And , to go to a different place with a new cuture , we usually choose to travel in a group led by a tour guide . However , as far as i am concered , travel as a group led by ourselves is the best way . It all depends on how much time you have . If we led by a tour guide , we do n't need to worried about the sercurety , all we have to do is just enjoy the new environment . In additon , we can understand the place 's background much better by the guide . However , we always go everywhere in a hurry if we are led by a tour guide . Because , the program we pick always has a plan before we leave and they are trying to cover every famous places , which even include some places we are not interested . And , if we found out a place which we are willing to spend longer time there , the tour guide would usually tell you that it cannot work out , you must follow the plan you made before . As you travel as a group led by ourselves , and you have plenty of time , you can go to the place you like first and find out what are famous there and decide a special plan by yourselves , which you are most interested , and spend all the time doing what you want . Also , you have more power during your travel . For instance , if you go to a place and find out there have more interesting things than you known , and you always can change your plan , to spend maybe one or two more days there , go vist those places and have a fun time . And we all know that the purpose of travel is to relax . You can always feel more free if you control your time by yourselves and be more relaxing . Overall , if you have plenty time and willing to be more relaxing , the best choice would be ledding by yourselves .
(KOR,high) I do n't agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I think the young people nowadays do n't seem to be giving enough time to help , only because the people who say that fail to correctly observe what the young people can do , and are doing to help . They expect the help to be in a certain form , and they fail to see that the young people are giving help because the help of nowadays may not be in that form . For an example , let 's say there is a child with a rare blood type . This child has somehow lost a lot of blood , and need a large amount of transfusion . But because he has such a rare blood type , him and his parents are having a hard time finding enough blood in the hospital , and need a living donor as soon as possible . When young people of today find out that there is someone like this , they take actions to help using new means of action , for example , by posting an ad on their internet homepages , or sending out e-mails to all the people they know , to go and donate blood if any one who sees the ad has the same rare blood type . If the child does find the right donor in time this way , I 'll say that this is a good way of giving time to help someone in the community . What I want to say is that if the observers expect the help to be only in some physical form , such as going out to sweep the neighborhood , they wo n't be able to see this kind of help , and they will be apt to judge the young people to be not helping . The world is rapidly changing . If we observe the young people of nowadays using the standards that are decades old , they might appear to be not caring about their communities . But if we give a moment to understand the world now , and to compare and see how different the lives of today and ten years ago are , we will be able to see that the young people of nowadays
(TUR,high) In my opinion , it is better to specialize in one specific subject in an academic study . There are several advantages of both paths , however specializing in one topic would enable us to concentrate on one subject and to deal with its details closer . The main reason behind my belief is that there is not enough time to learn everything and have a deep understanding of every subject . By the increase in the knowledge in acedemic subjects , we have to have more time to consider all spheres of one specific subject . For instance , a political science student could not have a deep understanding of the Middle East culture and politics in an education period of four years . In addition to his undergraduate education , he has to have a research in Middle East and should attend to a university or an institute which is specialized on Middle East . Actually an avarege life of a person is not sufficient to have a perfect knowledge of one specific subject . In modern societies , the division of labor demands more specialized individuals and the society is evolving into a hegemony of technocrats . Beginning with the movement of rationalization in the nineteenth century and with the improvement of technology , we have more detailed subjects to deal with , contary to pre-modern times . So , there it is not only my preference to get specialized in one specific subject , but it is a necessity for the society . The details are increasing and we ought to get consistent with this development . We also need to consider that specializing in one specific subject would be meaningless , if it is so independent from the context which it is belonged to . For example , it would be meaningless to know everything about the history and the culture of the Middle East , if the person would not have the enough information about the history of the whole world and the relation between civilizations . In conclusion , as a result of the development of the modern societies , people have to specialize in one specific subject . because there is not enough time to deal with many academic subjects .
(ITA,low) Some people have the idea that the social works are bored and annoying and for this stupid idea that the young people are not encourage to spend time in this mode . The most part of social worker are voulenteers and spend the ours free time to helping other person in economics or social problems . Is a good thing to do beacuse before do that we ca n't immaginate how much is important for the society this kind of job . The young people see very far away this problem , like ca n't move or ca n't reach the post office , beacuse in this life moment they see more attractive the disco or go to the pub every night . I have many friends that partecipate to a helping communites and do n't spend so much time in this like bring dinner for homeless or prepare stuff for the african problem communities . Luckly in the early years the idea is changed and more young people prefer to spend a little bit of their time in social work . Specially before the italian governament as instuited the `` civil service '' that provide to bring them into a social circle to help the communities than have few person . I dont think that all the people want to helping their communities but in some case there are a experience , sometime sadly sometimes funnyest but in all the case really helpfull . The most important work in this problem is do by the television and mass media than must bring at light this problem and encourage the young people to spend more time to help and less time to play , without compromise the career study , if they have one .
(TUR,high) During our lifecycle , we encounter different periods due to our age and we have to obey to bear certain roles . We try to make a promising future in our younger period whereas we bear more responsibility in our older period . But when it comes to enjoying life , does younger people have more fun compared to the older people ? I think not , even though it seems so . In younger periods of life , we will be persisting , keeping on trying to make a promising `` future '' for ourselves . Every progress in means of academic performance of fields of business is for making a basis for our future . In short , we invest , to gain a future . Furthermore , we have less responsibilities , which may seem to be priceless for many people but not for me . Having less responsibilities means that you have less control and effect in your life . When you are a child , your mum will buy your clothes , chooses the meals you eat and even takes stesp in your early academic life . So , you are dependent on your family in your early lifetime . As you grow and become older you will increase the span of your responsibilities . Additionally , younger people lack may be the most important aspect of success and survival in life : experience . Younger people are worse in decision making and successing in every field they are introduced to as new . Does being young has nothing to have fun ? Absolutely there are some . You can party like crazy , live being dependent on your family and pay no care . Everything seems to be in order and you do not have to deal with that , then why not just have fun of it ? As I mentioned earlier , this is an illusionary situation and one have to know that his/her family will not take care of him forever , so he/she has to invest for his/her future . When we look into life through the older stages of lifecycle , everything is established and in order . We `` harvest '' our investment of younger periods and have fun of it . We have established what we dreamed of and we have reached the point , the point of success in our heads . Therefore , I thing one will be satisfied with his/her life in their older periods . Now , we have the responsibility of our life , even the lives of our children or others , like our employees . Another point is that we have the most experience in our older periods , we know how to study , how to be persistent to reach goals and even how to have the most fun out of life ! To conclude , I strictly reject the idea of being younger means enjoying life more . In my opinion , being younger means that you are an unexperienced , unestablished passenger of the travel through life ; whereas being older means that you are experienced and you are established . The advantages I have stated throughout this essay of of being older will lead to enjoying life more than the younger ones .
(GER,medium) Although I understand people who think that young people nowadays do not spend enough time on helping their communities my experiences led me to disagree with this statement . Nevertheless , there are reasons to believe that this statement is true . Young people nowadys are often afraid of remain jobless after finishing university . As a result they spend all their time on preparing themselves for their professional life . For example , most of my fellow students spend a lot of time on making internships , so there is no time left to voluntarily participate community activities . Further more the people in our society are getting older and older whereas the government has less money to spend on social services . Consequently , there is a need for young people who give time to help their community , especially in homes for the elderly . On the other hand giving time to help the community where you live in , can however be important for your professional life . In spite of the fact that you are not dealing with the topics of your study while working , for example , in home for the elderly it might make a good impression of your social engagemant if you apply for a scholarship . A lot of students know this and therefore it is often the case that students engage voluntarily in community projects . Furthermore there are a lot of people in my social environment who are really interested in politics and the development of our society . As a result they participate in local political projects or in one of the existing political parties , which means that they also give time to their community . In view of the fact that I know a lot of young people who engage in their community my conlusion is that it is not true that young people do not give enough time to help their community .
(SPA,medium) Its more important for students to learn more about the facts . The facts are like things that are already done , and the ideas and the concepts are in our minds , so if a student cares more about a fact its because he is secure about what he already now . The fact of a thing its close to what its already exists . For example , the boy jump to the bed and hurt his head . Thats a fact , and idea and concept its like , the boy COULD fracture a leg or arm , its like an idea its all it matter , but what ir really cares its what it really happened . In school the teachers or professors thought more to us about imagination , its near to the concept of a thing . I never got the idea of what should be done , if i already knew what happen for real . The student needs to now how to compare about the definitions of fact and idea or concept , cause if it not he is not going to inferred what the people its talking about , he wouldnt now . I absolute disagree of what the statement says , cause its not really good not to now an important fact before to now the idea or the concept for use . But i can said that to now the idea before the fact it is such a good thing too , cause im not saying that its bad , its also important but not more than the fact . We have to now the importance of what its real and not of what are we imagine , talking about the concepts and ideas . We should care more about good things , and pay attention to all kind of opinions of each person , cause not everyone , even the professors think like we think , so we have to defend our opinion and leave it clean till the end of the discussion .
(ITA,medium) I think that understanding a concept about a subject gives you a better knowledge of it instead of learning the fact related to it . A theory gives you the mental preparation to face all kinds of facts , studing only facts does n't get to anything because facts can change during time . If you see and study a fact , you can get the highest level of preparation on that specific issue , but probably it does n't give you that standard procedure you need to deal with it . I am an university student , my degree course in economic is primarly based on theory , while another university in my city bases its courses on practice ; people of that university always say that they 'll get the best preparation on their subjects because they are studing them from the real world ; as an example they watch the every day stocks variations and use models to describe them . I wo n't say that this is unusefull , but I think that instead of it , it would be better to study as many models exist in order to get a complete preparation of all kind of stocks markets . Learning a theory enables the student to understand thousands more , and , more important , could give the student the possibility to think with his own head and enterpret all kinds of events with a single way of thinking , which can adapt quickly to any situation . Moreover , if you think about how any kind of exam it 's made , you 'll find out that what is asked is usually not what was said by the professor in the classroom , but is something related to it , something new that you must elaborate with your acquired skills , otherwise is just a memory test ! To conclued I think that as we are not like computers recording data , we should use our brain to understand facts in order to know how to deal with other different situations that we will face . Experience can help , but is not enough .
(GER,high) Advertisements exist to sell people products they do not need . This idea explains the ambition of modern advertising and marketing strategies . Our modern society is based on capitalistic and often superficial values , and while making products seem better than they actually are , advertisements do notthing but reflect the social values . Personally , I would say that modern product managers do not have the choice to sell their products as they really are . The economy in our so called developped countries has reached a level of saturation and offers more products than people actually need . Therefore , those who want to sell their products will have to make high investments and develop good advertisement strategies . This guarantees them a good visibility of their products and good chances to sell them . I also believe that modern advertisements respond to a demand from society . Today , we are all looking for the exeptional , the beautiful , the luxuary . In many cases , we do not want to buy a prpoduct but we want to buy a dream . This means , that we often prefere to buy an illusion rather than the reality . For instance , the latest shower liquid from Ralph Lauren seems much more attractive to us than a good soap , which would probably have the same effects on our body care . Modern advertisement has to make products seem better than they really are , because customers are asking for it . This is nether good or bad , it is a simple fact . Netherless , we should be aware of this fact and not be disappointed when the dream we just bought remains a dream .
(CHI,high) Now I am at the later of 20s . Combining my own experience and borrowing experiences of my friends in China , I tend to disagree with the statement . In my point of view , both young and the older people knows the importance of enjoying life , however , young people are different from the older one in how frequency , what and why to enjoy life . To start with , mostly young people enjoy life in a different pace from the older one . I think this is one of the factors that mislead others believe that young guys are enjoying life more than the older ones . During weekends or typical vacation seasons , we can easily find young men or women emerging almost every corners of trendy entertainment places , ranging from hot scenic spots to cute bars in the town . On the contrary , older people are rarely found . However , we have to understand more behind that . These occassions are the best time for the young guys to go out since normally during the weekday , they have to spend time in the office from 800am to late as 800pm . It should be more fair to conclude if we considered that it was also the young people who spent most of time during the weekday to work overtime . Secondly , young people enjoy life in a variety of forms which are quite different from the older ones . Activities such as reading , playing cards or Majiang ( a traditional Chinese game ) , or watching TV programs are favorite ones for older people . However , nowadays , young people have different funs to enjoy . They enjoy to have activities in a more lively and trendy form such as fitness exercise , hiking , drinking and sharing with friends in the bars . Since those trendy activities are more publicized , it is easy to conclude that young people enjoy life more than the older ones . Lastly , it is the different view toward life that determines the variance between young peope and older ones when they enjoy life . Contrary to older people who more often view life and work are seamless connected in China , youngsters will treat life and work separately . They understand that work is disconnected from life . In some extent , a happy life is the basis for a successful work . Therefore , it is critical to enjoy life to full when off work while to concentrate on work vice versa .
(SPA,medium) Young people enjoy life more that older people do ? To answer this queistion is importnat to take two points of view , the first one is to answer why young people enjoy life , and then answer why old people enjoy life , and finally i will see who enjoy more life , young or older people . I think that younger people enjoy life , becouse they are in an age that everything is knew , they are exploring the world , they are dreaming , they are building their goal , is wonderfull moment of life . Is when people started to grow up , and during this process they understan and respond many questions that only living can answer , is a stage when you can make a mistake , and is ok becouse you are learning , no one is going tu judge you , is part of learrning . I think that i am in a great moment of my like , I feel and I am young , and if i take my own experience i can said that i realy enjoy my life , i had dificulties in my life but was just part of it , sometimes you need to felt and then satnd up and go on , thats life . By the other hand , i think that older people also enjoy life , because no matter the age that you have you wll always learnig , and in this point of your life you have more experience , so you dont have to worried about if you are going to make a mistake , becouse you know that if you make it everything will be ok . For example my grand ma she was and old lady , but she always enjoy life like she was a kid , she never felt old , she always was with energy , she wanted to do all the things that she didn , t do when se was a child so she enjoy every minute of her like . Know she is death , but she teach that life in only one and you have to enjoy it , no matter your age . The answer of the question about who enjoy more life , is both : joung and older people . Joung because you are exploring the world and old becouse you are enjoing all what you have explore .
(JPN,high) When you study , there are mainly two ways of studying ; understanding ideas and concepts , and learnimg facts . In this essay , I would like to respond to the statement ; it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . But before I start judjing the statement , I would like to raise advantages and disadvantages of two ways of learning . Firstly , I would like to raise advantages of studying ideas and concepts . The first advantage is that if you understant an idea or a concept , you can solve more difficult and complex problems using your understanding . It means you can use your knowledge in variety of situations and it is definitely a good thing . The second advantage is that it is interesting to learn an idea or a concept . Most people feel satisfaction or feel happy when they understand new things . An idea or a concept is sometimes difficult to understantd but it is more enjoyable to study than just memorising facts . I fpeople feel happy to study , thei r motivation toward the study goes up . One advantage of understanding concepts and ideas is that iunderstanding concepts is much more difficult than learning facts . So people could stop trying to understand concepts before they succeed to . Now i want to raise advantages of learning facts . The first advantage is that it is easy to remenber facts . You do not have to understandwhat you are memorising about ; everyone can do it . People could be confident if they succeed to memorise facts ; it stimulates their interests in what they are studying . The second advantage is that since facts do not depend on one ' s feeling , facts are universal . There is no communication gap between facts . Therefore if you learn facts , you can show off your knowledge to people who do not speak your language . However there are also disadvantages for learning facts . One disadvantage can be raised and it is that you are not understanding concepts behind the facts . If you do not understand concepts , you can not use your knowledge in a different situation . I strongly agree with the statement which says it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts ; yet as described in this essay , it is also important to learn facts . The best way of studying is to combine both ways of studying . However if a student is only allowed to choose one of the two ways , I strongly recommend to focus on understanding concepts and ideas rather than learning facts .
(KOR,medium) As these society is very development , many academic fields generate in the university . Some people argue that specialized education is efficient to develop the students . However , in my opinion , studying various academic subjects is better for this society . First of all , it is clear that the university students ' should have a various knowledge . Accumulating many academic study , they would develop because they could use their knowlege in the fields that not only thier major but also other fields . For example , I have a cousin who major is law . Although he had hard to make a time to study other fields , he studies ecomomy also . At last he could enter the big famous economic company as a lawyer . He is so happy that the salary is high and he can use his all knowledge . Many people arould him admire him because they belive that he knows a lot . Furthermore , there is no question that the society is needed talents that have the various knowledge . This world is not simple so only one field 's subject could n't do anything . These academic fields consist that science with ethic , politic with media and education with psycology . According to the believable reaserch , many university students are double-major because many company need a talent person that have more a two major . I also did also tow major , journalism and Jepanese . So I could enter a japanese newscompany .
(HIN,high) I believe that both thsese points are important at certain level of study . If a person is going through his postgraduation or PHD studies . he should be more specific towards his subject and intrerest . While during undergraduation studies , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academics subject . While studying in undergraduate program , we should have knowledge of many academic subjects . It helps us to immply that knowledge in our specialization subject . I have completed my Bpharm . In this under graduate program I studied all the subjects like Pharmaceutical analysis , pharmaceutics , pharmacology and biopharmaceutics . Now I am planning to do my masters in pharmaceutics subject . And these other subjects will help me in any instance . because basically they all are related with research . Pharmaceutics is related with new drug research but pharmacology deals with the effect of the drugs on human body . So there is one kind of interdepandability present between other subjects and specialized subject . Now if we think about masters and PHD program . it is neccesary to choose one specific subject . It is better to gain deep knowledge in specific subject if your aim is towards research and developement . Without the depth knowledge of subject , It is not possible to make our carrier in research . At this level of study we are given special training for work . If we take the example of doctors . The only doctors and surgeons with the masters degree in chemotherapy can cure the patient from cancer , which is not possible for the general practitioner . Doctors with specialization in anesthesia in medical field has decreased the death and and coma cases , which used to occure due to improper introduction of anesthesia . If we take another example of proffesors . The proffesor in history subject cant give knowledge about the mathemics subject . so I believe that the both kind of knowledge is required at different level of studies . Both have important at different level of studies .
(ITA,low) I agree the question because the student to learn facts they understand ideas and concepts . Idea is base to learn the facts . For example if i do n't know the concept i do n't understand the fact . Perhaps for a limited facts i do n't know the concept but i know the facts but accoting to me this fact are very limited . Since we study idea and the theory after we study the facts . Another example is the gravity theory : newton since study all theory then he proposed the experiment and after he studied ena known the result of the him theory . There are o lot of example who they suppose my agree for the question . The concepts are very important they are interesting for the all facts . In conclusion before to study the facts all persons undertand ideas and concepts .
(TEL,high) Yes I do agree to the statement hat young peopleenjoy life more than older people do . This is because of the fact that age withers body and an ageing person is laden with more number of problems than a person in his youth . A younger person has less responsibilities comparitively . Younger people tend to enjoy the technology and the happenings in the world around them more than the older people . This is because of the problem that older people find it more difficult to adapt themselves to the changes around the world compared to a younger person . Family problems and crisis add to the woes of older people . The fear of being rejected by their children is always on the back of their mind and the tensions that the age brings with it seems to make older people more and more devoid of entertainment and enjoyment . Health problems in the older age are the primary causes for older people to enjoy less than the younger ones . With the increasing pollution and the rapid growth of diseases and the appearance of newer diseases day by day , older people are devoid of their joy . A stamina and the resistance power of an older person is comparitively less than a younger person . The older person is more vulnerable than a younger chap . The pleasure that youngsters derive in spending their time with friends and frolicking is immense which is not so in case of the older people . There may be some cases wherein even the older people might meet their friends and have some fun time but in practical sense and especially in the present day scenario , how far is that possible and how many such older people are really enjoying their life ? Thus the health problems and being more and more burdened with problems with increasing age , older people find it more difficult to enjoy than younger people .
(SPA,medium) Cars have been vey important since they were important . At the first time not many people could afford it , but now most of the population owns , unless , one . However , in the last years we have been told many bad news about the enviroment . Cars consume petrol and then it burns in order to make the car works . The result of this activity affects a lot to the atmosphere . The Ultraviolet rays are entering in our sistem , crossing all the covers of the atmosphere . The enviroment is very polluted , and as a result of this animals are desapearing . Anyway , cars help in this situation as well as the human being action . In the news they recomend us to take the bus in spite of driving everybody their cars . If that idea works the enviroment would improve . Besides , animals are n't the only ones that are affected , humans can suffer many injuries , for example problems when they breath or even it can be seriouly affected to the sight . Moreover , blocks of flats are part of the problem of polltion , many houses look dirty what that 's a consequence of the pollution . From my point of view I think that if in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than today that means that people will start to take care of the enviroment . Not using the car constantly as much as we do now implies less pollution . Although cars not only affect to atmosphere with the pollution . There are so many reasons why I agree with the statement . Cars are very noise and much if they are in a traffic jam and they are in a hurry . When they start shouting to each other . That 's not good for the people who is every day hearing this unconfortable noises . In a long time this can causes many health problems such as stress or even heart problems . Finally , I wolud n't like to forget saying that the less cars in use are in the streets the more bus drivers will be , that means that there will we less unemployed people .
(ARA,medium) In order to be considered as one of successful people , you have to take risks in making decisions . Because without these risky decisions that has been made by most of the great people thet wont be great . But the problem is not in taking the risk , it depends on the when and how of taking it . Some of risks that are taken does not affect the decision maker at all but he should take it any ways . Taking risks is very important in business life . Because it may make jump in peoples life in some decisons such as the stock market and the big deals aroud the world for huge business . Or in banking , Bankers always take risks regrding their customer for bid and they stud the risk management sepratly as an indepndant subject like most univesities do in management schools . Also , for political matters risks are very cretical spacially in wars beween cuntries such as the decision that Bush made regrading the war on Iraq . Subsequently , If you take the risk with out any background or exparince you might be mistakin . On medical wise , risks are diffirent . They depnd on peoples lives . For example , taking risk in medical operation is very sensitive and cretical that might kill or affect the patient . But in this case the doctor and the patient should agree on . I consider risk as part of every body 's life . because even if you dont out it in cosideration you do it by default , with families , at work and between frieds . Nawdays , risk for some people is a skill that they own and convey . But being systamatic is no more seccussful in this world tha is full of comptetion and challeging thinghs . and i highly recommend to study riskmanagemng if you work in a bussiness that needs ' . And I think that the most known businessmen were taking risk that made them to sucseed in life .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the idea that young people do n't give enough time to helping thier communities . The young around me participate in the traditional ceremony and activity at least . However , the number of the young whe are involved with such kind of activity is not so many . My friends engaged in the protecting the traditional dance and ceremony even though they were not born in the city , and they build the good relationship with local people . I heard local people admire the attitude and pasion toward the event . I was moved to hear hat , but most young do n't have time to engage in it because they have what they have to do before helping thier communities . For example , they have to study and work as a part time job . Therefore , they do n't have enough time to participating in it even though they are interested in activity . A friend of mine said that she wanted to take part in the activity that they can play with local school children , but she ca n't do that because of lack of time and large amount of homework . Second , the adults are also negative for the social activity . For example , some parents do n't allow thier children to communicate with neighbors , and they grow up thier children in that way , as a result , they ca n't help growing without knowing the system of community . Since I was born in the community where the relationship among the communities was strong , so I could participated in many activities . However , the people who was born in urban area have n't experienced activity . I guess if the young , who have n't experienced the activity and been taught the importance of relationship among the communitiys , grow up , the number of involvement with the activity would decrease more and more . We can learn a lot of thing from community activity , so we shoud take part in it and the adult shoud teach the importance .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the statement , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . For example , the health care industly , especially those diet products . `` It is so easy , and so quick to lose weight . '' Then why is 50 % of population overweight in this country ? Advertising with loud background music , good looking models , and catchy frases . That 's all you need to convence people to buy product . Unfortunatley , I am one of the people who just overpowered by advertisements on TV . I bouthg a treadmill which I thought it was the greatest product that I can lose weight with less work . Now it is in the closet and I will never see it again . When you are wathing these commercials , you feel like you can be what the commercial say you will be . Almost entire nation watches TV everyday . Advertisements are everywhere not only TV , but also internet , magazines . And these mass media have so much power these days . It is so powerful that overpowering people 's ability to think in this materialistic world we live in . If the commercial says so , it is good product . You need to stop to think what is really going on . It is so controled by advertisement industry , people forget that we do have ability to think what best for you . We need to share the information which producuts really work , and which do n't . We have to protect ourselves from overpowered media misleading .
(JPN,medium) I disagree that young enjoy life more than order people do . First of all , there are many active , fresh , lively older people . They have many hobbies , friends , family , so they are enjoying their life . Some older people looks like so yong ! My grandfather is also one of these people . It seems to me he is enjoying his life . Second , there are many yong people who do not enjoy their life . Some yong people have no hobbies and they are not interested in anything . For example , today , the number of NEET is increasing in Japan . They do not want to work and stay home watching TV or eating snack and so on . They depend on their parents completely . So , I think that sometimes older people enjoy life more young people . On the other hand , Some people may say that older people can not move free because of disease or injuring . So , if they want to play sports , they can not . But yong people can play actively . I think this is also true . But there are also many young people who have disease or injure . I think it is not true that these people do not enjoy life . I believe if there are some disability , we can enjoy our life . I feel that to live better life , we should think anything positive , and enjoy anything ! Not related to how old you are , the person who try to live better is the person who enjoy life .
(KOR,medium) As far as concerned , I disagree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than today . Maybe it could happen in far future but in twenty years there will be more cars that are more developed . There are several reasons of my thought . First of all , cars are comfortable and fast tranformation . It enables you to get any place that has ground . When I was a high-school student I often late in class because there were lots of homework to do and the class started early in the morning . So my mother gave me ride to school so that I would not late in class . Next , cars are useful to move havey things better than a person . My parents did not have a car just after our family moved to US from South Korea . We had to go shoopping to buy some food and furniture and other things . We had so many things to buy but we did n't have any transpormation to get to the mall and bring those all stuffs . There was no other transpormation except individual car to get to the store . So we had to borrow a car from the next door that we never met . It was really a embarass experience . In my oppinion , there will be cars just as it is today .
(JPN,medium) I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy their life more than older peaple do . Of course , It really depends on the person , but I dare not to say the life is better when we are young than after aging . First of all , young people are still working on looking for their purpose in their lives . They sometimes struggle , confuse , and are treamendously sensitive ; it may be very hard time to live . However , by getting older , the memories of their adressence will be good . This means older peaple have richer experiences in the life than younger people have . second , generally young people do not have much money . Older people may be confident about that they can afford something by themselves . After becoming adressence , continuing to depend on one 's parents is going to be very painful . Last and most important , older people know the quality of life . They are mature to live , and able to find joys in the life . comparing older people , young people may be soft and flexible . On the one hand , that is very worth , but on the other hand , it is not stable . The sense of values of the youth is still shaping to be mature . Thus I think older people can enjoy their life as well as young people do although they lave already lost their youths . Moreover , believing the life after getting older is nice , it is very important to make our lives happy .
(ITA,medium) In my opinion , I think that a person has to take some risks to reach a new position : doing this , it has the possibility to reach a new level of wellness , that could be reached only by courageous people . On the other hand , when a person try new things , is not shure that what is doing is going to be the right choice , and in many cases he fails and , sometime , he losts everything he have already reached with fatigue . I think that a person have to go on and , maybe , could became important , famous or rich , only taking risks : if someone choose to continue doing what he already know how to do well , certainly will not make mistake or big error , but it will rest a common person for all the life , asking himself what could happened him if he had choice the more difficult way . A latin poet of the third century b.c. said that everyone has to pass several problems and difficulties that we find in our ( short ) life to have the possibility ( not the shureness ) to reach our right way and our happyness . If we do not this we 'll be forever a common person . In my opinion , we have to try new things and to take risks , because our life is really short , and if we do not try this we 'll live forever with the doubt that maybe we had the possibility to become someone important . Doing this , even if we become not an important person , we 'll be in peace with our ownself , and we 'll not have the doubt that maybe we had the opportunity to change our position and also our life . So , concluding , I think is better make mistakes and lose everything we have , but , in every case , try to reach what we dream .
(ITA,medium) I definitely agree with this statement . I really believe understanding ideas and concepts for students be more important and valuable than just learning facts . There are diverse reasons supporting this opinion . First , ideas and concepts are abstract and general , in fact they generalize facts . This means that studying either a concept or an idea you learn the outstanding which all that kind of facts are based on . In other words you study a multiple set of facts . Besides once you become familiar with the concept , you can apply it in several ways and field of real life . On the other hand learning a fact you just learn that fact which is different to all the other facts . Another important constatation regards how long a student can keep in mind a fact or a concept . Once you 've understood a concept , it is difficult to totally forget it or delete it completely from your knowledge . Differently a fact is absolute easy to lose even in the short term , because it is an unique , isolated situation . You can apply this statement especially to subjects like mathematics or finace in which you have to learn how to derive formulas or values rather than remember all the possible ones . So even you do't remmber that formula you can derive it through passages that you understood
(FRE,high) Beeing an expert in many fields is very hard , nearly impossible . Everyone has been confronded making the choice between having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects and specializing in one specific subject . Knowing a little in many fields provides a lot of advantages . First , beeing able to understand , even react , over a subject . It can help to recognize the experts from the others . Even if you want to be an expert , you know from where to start , where you could gather informations . Knowing a few experts in the field could provides a lot of value . For instance , let say you are a project manager dealing with a project involving differents academic subjects . Covering all the subjects would be more helpful from beeing an expert in one specific subject because you could draw a general scheme of the whole system . The project structure is a lot more valuable than beeing able to build one part of the system , you just need to hire a few experts to get it done . One the other hand , beeing an expert in a specific field is great . It can be easy to get hired from a company that really needs an expert with a high salery . For instance , a few decade ago , Air France had made a system written in a specific programming language to handle all their client reservations . A few years later , they needed to modify that program in emergency but nobody was able to program in that old language . They finally found an expert but he asked a lot of money and he got it . To conclude , you ca n't tell weather having a broad knowledge is better than to specialize in one specific subject . It really depends on the work you want to do , the opportunities you will be given wo n't be the same .
(TEL,medium) There is no doubt in saying that advertisements shows products in much impressive than the actual products . There is a saying in English , `` First impression leaves better impression '' . Manufactres wants to persuade people with perpetuating impression in the first instance itself . First , Manufactures of soft drinks spend millions of dollars for promoting their drinks . Famous actrors or actress serve as brand ambassdor to their products to lure the customers . They claiam that this is the best possible , energetic drink one can imagine . Infact it is not true . Just plane water could be more refreshing , rejuvineating than soft drink . It is one of the leading cause of Diabetes mellitus , becuase it contains lot of sugar products . Some studies have shown that there are traces of pesticides in soft drink . Inspite of all this disadvanates they are promting thier products by attractive packaging and advertising . Second , now let us consider fast food advertisiments . Thier advertisements suggests that they are healthiest foods on can imagine . Howeer that is not the case . Each sandwitch in a restarant may contain more than 1000 Kcal . There is some recent strong evidence suggest that schooll children in USA are becoming obese by eating restaurent food . We can see the pictures of the food on posters . It looks very appeeling . However we can not be sure hat are ingriednts , whwre it came from . How many times did they used same oil . I beacme ill several times after eating cafteria food . Single can of tuna and could be much nutrious than high fat food avialable fast food hotels . Third , Toy manufactures advertises attract lot of children by making wide range of toys . But mant cases toys would not be up to the eexpecation of child . Single piece of paper could have been more imaginatve than electronic toy . Because it might improve child drawing performance or writing ability . This sort of advanatge , however denied to the toys . In conclusion , I am of the view that people should consdier adevrtisement as a source of information before before buying product . They should be carefull .
(SPA,medium) Some people choose to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , while others prefer to be specialized in one specific subject . As for me , I would rather choose to be specialized in a specific subject only . Though there are a variety of subjects in a university for you to follow with . But a single man 's energy and time are so limited that you ca n't afford wasting too much time on subjects that has nothing to do with your future career . Imagine a freshman majoring Physics with a Selection Of English Literature in hand all day around , will he succeed in his field someday ? Hardly . Furthermore , we call these `` academic subjects '' because they are nothing alike with subjects such as maths or geography learned in high school . They are far more complex and complicated . You ca n't expect to manage it within a semester or two . It needs a whole 4-year systematic learning process to get to a professional level of certain field . Some people can easily fall in love with a subject just because an affection on the spur of the moment , as soon as he realizes that he wo n't be able to catch up with the course whatsoever , he will just simply drop halfway . Finally , having a determination in specializing a single subject is a crucial step on your way of self-realization . Anybody who wants to be successful and legendary in his field must have perseverance and expertise . Michael Jordan may be a good example . As soon as he decided to become a professional basketball player , he devoted all himself to the basketball court , without thinking other alternatives . He set his goal and went for it ! In conclusion , Specializing in a single subject rather than pursuing many academic subjects will be a wise choice . Focusing your energy and time into the subject , accumulating knowledge from that field and set your future goal firmly without doubt , it will lead you to the road of glory !
(TUR,medium) Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . That is right . Because it is their aim which is making much more atractive the product . Advertisements are need to be very important to sell something . Product 's selling race depends on it 's advertisement 's quality . Advertisement producers and writers are under very big responsibilty . Because if advetisement not very good , consumers are not aware about that product . Good advertisement which means the most atractive one is everthing . For example , a new model car advertisement has to demonstrate consumer what this car 's difference from others and why consumer will select that car . Also , advertisements have to call attention of the consumer to their products . It is not easy task . Because there are lots of similar advertisemets on similar products . That is why if the advertisement usual nobody notices it . To call atention of everyone advetisement must reperesent the product with uncommon but enjoyable ways . Thus , advertisements are made to sell products to many people . For this task , advertisement producer must make products seem much better than they really are . It is undertandable and reasonable way for the task like that .
(SPA,high) Party and Company is a game I play with my family and friends every time we want to share , have fun , and relax from the rutine of the week . The objective of the game is to accumulate the greatest amount of points in order to win the first place . Participants have to apply their knowledge of many academic subjects while playing this game . Once , I had the opportunity to play this game with one of my sister 's best friend , Alesia . Alesia is studying International Relations in a very well known university in the United States . She is very smart and demostrated , while playing Party and Company , that she has a broad knowledge of many academic and importat subjects . After experiencing how Alesia won this game and left us amazed , I can say that I agree with this statement . Because she demostrated the importance of having knowledge of many subjects . Alesia chose a major in Internatinal Relations . By studying this major , she has the opportunity to learn about many subjects like politics , religion , economics , law , and cultures . Specializing in one subject can be postive but it is better to know about many things that influence our society . In order to succeed and make a difference in our society , people should be prepare and should know how to deal with different topics . Today 's world is asking for persons who are very well prepared . For example , the world needs women who not only are the base of their families , but also who can debate and state their point of view with concrete bases in the profesional context . I would like to state that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , only if this knowledge is clear , concize and determined . Because , it is not worth it to know about many topics if the ideas in which they are based , are vague . Alesia is for me the best example of how this statement is true and I agree with it . Because while playing this simple game , she demostrated to us how she knew about history , politics , nature , religion , culture , economics and supported his ideas with clear bases leading her group to win the first place .
(CHI,medium) As people know more and more in their lifetime , they suppose it is the most important to try things new , in order to bring them to a higher level that can make them a successful person . However , this could hardly be true since success not only costs new ideas , but also hard working and patience of woking on things they have already known . First of all , it is said that practice makes perfect . Without repeating over and over again , doing the same thing , people cannot finish a task greatly . For instance , the famous Chines athlete , Liu Xiang , as one of the best runner in the world nowadays , he is successful . Yet he is trained to do the most simple and basic things everyday to win the golden metal . He is requested to go slowly running and log distance running , and jump back and forward in the field . These things are certainly the things he knew how to do when was five years old . Although knowing how to do them , he keeps on practising everyday , and the repeating , however , takes him to the first place in the race and achieve his success by this kind of training . So , doing what a person has already known and do it better and better , even the best , can enventually make a person successful . In addition , poeple keeps doing the things they already know is much more important than merely trying new things . This is just like a basic attitude towards life , which shows that a person can not do things he knows well , can barely do things he does not even know . For example , if a person does not read very well , that means he/she cannot read fast and accurate , he/she will not achieve a nice score in university that requires a high level of reading skill . In this case , the reading ability is the person has already known and , further , may has the approaches of how to read well , but the poor reading ability affacts him/her in the field of further education , and the real situation is , before he/she tells other people how to read , or tries the new ways of reading , he/she has already failed the universities . Finally , a person concertrated on trying new things will overlook the purpose and importance of doing things in this new and risky way . Noting knowing how to ride a bicycle , is the question remains untill a person fell down from the racing bicycle or a motorbike . The things people have already know may seem boring , but the day people understand it really well , they can see through their aim of trying new things and will be mote possibly , successfull . Hence , it is the most significant for a person to become successful to do things they have already known and do it as great as possible .
(TUR,medium) Experts of the bussiness world determine our era as the era of advertisement . It is something we are not much aware of . However , the firms are aware of that . Probably , we all have experienced buying something that we do not need but we bought just because it was very attactive . However , there is a fact much worse than this ; they fool us by these advertisements . Because they mainly make the products seem much better than they are . Advertisement make the products seem much better in two ways ; by false impressions and by creating brands . First problem is the false impression created by these advertisements . To start with we may talk about the main ideas emphasized in advertisements . According to the type of the product advertisements emphasize features like quality , attaractiveness , functionality etc . However , most of the time it is only the impression they want to give us . In reality you will face a bad quality , ineffective , nonsense product just after you bought it . Forexample , last year I bought a tracking boat . The advertisement was saying that it is water resistant and you can not damage it for long years . It absorbed water and the plastic part of the shoes were damaged just in the first use in tracking . Secondly , the advertisements create brands which also make products seem much better than they are . It is clear that being a brand in your field is very important in our age . However , it seems that solely advertisements can create brands . Even a newly established firm can give the feeling that their brand symbolises confidence , quality etc. by means of some advertisements . Let me illustrate again with my shoes . I had bought them believing that their brand was very confidential . However , they were disturbed shortly and when I tried to find someone to tell my dissappointment I could not find anyone . Actually , I have learned that it was a mal-functioning firm with no reliability . I am really angry for being fooled by advertisements which make products seem much better than they are . Both giving false impressions and by creating brands they make us to do bad decision .
(ARA,medium) I basicly think that young people have enough time to helping their communities . It should be understood that the young are the major sector of the community . If the community , for example , offered schooling and public services to the young , then the young would respond and cooperate with their community . They take part in public ceremonies , social campaigns and many other assisting services . This , of course , would create a mode of trust , confidence and cooperation between the young and the community . Generally , the young people are of highly percentage of students and less of workers . In other words , most of them are literate and they recognize the need of their community for them . I really appreciate the young who have a mutual integriation between their efforts and the community 's . They form a one body where they find each others ' needs , and it helps solve their problems and to share the same experience under the same medium . One may wonder where is the young people 's time running out if they do n't give enough time to helping their communities . In fact , I do n't find any excuse to secure those who pretend that they have no enough time to be dedicated to their community . Actually , living in a community is not a tragedy of the commons . Benefits must be common among all the young as well as the old . Finally , the young people are the core of all communities , and the communities should serve them and give them the most opprtunities available to develop their skills and potentials . In this way , I think , the other side - the young people - will take care of their community and share its experience cooperatively . This woluld make the young give much of their time to helping their communities .
(ARA,medium) Everyone in this world can enjoy his life in his own ways . people are different in expressing thier enjoying of life . How we can ejoy this life and be happy ? Everyone knows that life is not easy and it needs lots of work to be successful person in it . There are two groups of people who can enjoy this life such as , The young people and the older pepole . First , yong peple can ejoy life in different ways . For example , they can do many things in this life without any responsibility for what they are doing because they know that the resposibility are carried for thier parents . Also , they can do a lot of things that the older people ca n't do as a result of health . Young people can do a lot of activities on one day , but the older peolpe ca n't do that . So the young people are the right people to enjoy this life . Secound , older poeple can , t enjoy this life like the young people . There are different reasons for that . The firt reason , is that the are responsible for eveything they do . Also , the reason of health ca n't help them to do a lot of activities on one day . The logic provides these points in a very clear way . Old people had already taken their time to enjoy this life when they were young . So they have to give the chance for the other generation to enjoy his own life . Finally , in my opinion , i agree that young people are the right peolpe to enjoy tis life . That is because the older people had already taken thier own chance . Also , i disagree that the older peolple must relax after they have finished thier work in the whole life because they are the people who must have other works . Such as , teaching thier children the right tings to do and to have the resposibiltiy of what thier young children do . In conclusion , this life is for all the peolpe to enjoy , but the right people or the people who have the chance to enjoy it more are the young people . We must all enjoy this life in the duration of time when we are young .
(KOR,medium) There are two kinds of people of working on the world . One kind of people is trying new thinkgs and the another kind of people is not trying new thing just only doing what they already been doing . Most of people want to be successful people . But it is too hard to be that people . If you want to be successful people you 'd better try new things . There are three things that are help to understand to my opinion . First . the world is fast changing what we can not see its changing . For example , 20years ago , did we know about computer 's technology such as e-mail , game , and fax . But what about now ? We usually use computer when we are working . If i did n't know computer 's technolohy , we would spend much time than before . As you know , we should learn about how to use computer and try it . Second , we know somebody who is already successful and they try new thinkgs . As you know , the presdent of MS ( micro soft ) who is the best bussiness man in the world and best rich . According to some researcher , he always try new things . If he did n't try think about PC ( Persnol Coputer ) , we would n't use PC now . Another person is Bush who is presdent of U.S . He try to make great conutry . He always think that how to be U.S stronger than now . Most of American think he is a great presdent . Third , somebody who is not trying new things can not improve anymore . Of course , they are professional in their major . However . can they follow the changing of world ? They did n't know about that . They did n't get new ideas from experiense of new things . Finally , new things can show me new idea . Sometimes it will be able to give fail to us . But we should keep trying new things . Do you want to be successful ? Try it and get great ideas .
(ITA,high) I completely agree with the statement that it is more important for a student to understand the concept , the idea behind what he is reading , than it is for him to learn facts . I state that on the basis of two reasons : 1 ) understanding the concepts is the only way a student , and a person in general , has to help his mind not to forget . 2 ) it is implied that an idea , a concept , can be adapted to several other situations . Concerning the first argument , there is no doubt that a lot of students today , maybe stressed by the exams and by the fixation to obtain the best grades , tend to learn a subject even without understanding it untill the end , I mean , without going behind the words and the mere facts . It is not difficult to affirm that this is not the best approach to the studies , because it generally lead to forget in a short period of time whatever that person have learned . On the contrary , according to me , only when a student manages to have clear , to catch the concept of the subject , of the different arguments , has reached his goal as a student and satisfied alle the efforts the teacher has made . Everything that is well understand is unforgettable , and it is confirmed by my personal experience , considered that I was not a good student , in the sense I 'm supporting , until the beginning of the secondary school . In fact , whatever I learned during these years is still present and clear on my mind . Understanding the idea that is behind the mere facts has also a second advantage : the concept can be easily adapted , and in this sense we can say that it has a wider `` field of validity '' . In fact , it results almost natural to think that a concept can be used even when the facts at its basis are completely changed . And this is what all the students in theory should do : learning something already known , abstracting the concept that it contains and adapting it to facts and evidence that are still unknown !
(ITA,medium) In my opinion , it is better to specialize in one specific subject . First , I think that a general knowledge of many academic subjects is important , but then you have to decide a specific subject to study . I think that is more interesting , because you can know this subject wery well . For example , in italian litterature is very interesting to study the first editions of Canzoniere of Francesco Petrarca . Of course ou have to know also the other litterature of the same period , but then you can pay your attention only on this work of Petrarca , and you can understand , for example , why Petrarca decided a particular order for all his poems . Second , when you specialize in one specific subject , you can concentrate all your attention on this subject . Instead , if you know many academic subjects , the risk is that you can know a little bit of every subject , but nothing very well . It means that your study can be shallow . In addition , I think that if you specialize in one specific subject , you love this sibject and you want to know this subject very well . So , you can spent many time on this subject , but you will be not bored , because it is what do you want to do . Finally , I want to repeat that also a general knowledge of many academics topics is important , but only as a support on a specific subject . For example , if you study the history of the cinema , and you want to specialize in the french director Francois Truffaut , you have to know also the artists of the Nouvelle Vague , or the movies of Alfred Hitchcock ( remember the book written by Truffaut ) , or the classic french cinema . But then you can pay your attention in the specific characteristics of movies of Truffaut , and it is very interesting if you like this subject .
(JPN,medium) I disagree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . In my opinion , learning facts is more important and efficient for studemts . There are three reasons . First reason is that facts are efficient in a real situation . Second reason is that facts always follows a reality . Therefore , it helpes to solve a problem . Third reason is that people learn the idea and concepts through the facts . First of all , the facts are always efficient in a real situation . for example , in business , people do n't know what to do when they face problems although they have knowledge about a concept of business . Concept is just a concept . Fact and the skill that business people need in real situation is mostly different from the concept . Business people who knows pefectly about concept and idea do n't always succeed in business because a market is very complicated and always change . In another words , the fact in the market is always changing . Therefore , they have to flexibly keep up with the cahnge of the fact . Secondly , the reality does not always follow the reality . There are so many accidents . Therefore business people need to know as many cases and solutions as possible which may be needed in reality . Thirdly , people can learn concepts and ideas through the facts . Learning concepts through the facts and real experience is more efficient for us to work in reality than learning only concepts and ideas . If I do n't know about the facts , I will not be able to have a good solitions
(FRE,medium) In twenty years it will be fewer cars in use than there are today . I think that petroleum is becoming more and more expensive and that in twenty years it wont be enought for the rest of ther global population . So i 'm sure that it will be less oil or petroleum cars in use but i 'm sur that people and humanity will find a way to commercialise alternatives energies and we will be able to use it for our cars . By the way , it 's already possible in Brazilia where petroleum is being fired by a new kind of oil , The Sugar Alcohol . this new generation of car 's oil is well known in south america country as sugar is one of the most famous good of the country . but it 's not a reason , the world population is use to cars m they are in our way of life since a hundred years and even if it works with a different kind of energies , people wont like to drive something else than cars because they are used to it . There is no reason should be erased , our world live with it for so long that if we change it we will lost a part of our history . It 's whatever important not to dream on the situation , huge lobbies in the united states and in orient are not enjoyed in those new technologies and they will make presure on the gouvernement for it not allowed those new possibilities to their countries . for example in france it 's totally forbiden to ride a car that does n't work with petroleum or gaz whereas there is already a lot of new types of energies like betrave or hydrogene that should be comercialised but cant because of the oposition of the state . However we will use some other energies than petroleum but in the next twenty years it seems pretty hard to imagine that the world will stop running after petroleum and will be cultivated differents kind of plants in order to go working or to be able to leave for holidays . So in order to conclude i think we can say that whatever what happens , it will still be as much cars in twenty years but the real question will be to guess how it will work .
(JPN,medium) I think successful people should try new things , because they already know haw to do what they succeeded . So doing same thing is boring and it just make maney . May be making maney is very important but recently many people do not have any porpose to live and only making maney to live . It dose not develope anythig but successful people useally try to make new thing to make society more developped and more convinient . That could be example for the people who do not have any porpose . I think people acturely wanto have excitement in those life . That is the one thing only human is given from god . So people should always try something new and it will be our presiere in our life . I want to success in my majior , because I like my majior and of couse I want to be a rich person for my life and my children 's life . If I do have a lot of maney I can do much more thing I want to do than I do n't . Doing new things would be very exciting , but may be some time it would be very stressful . Even If it stressful , Iwill be so happy when I success . it 's sounds great . Doing new things will make people who are doing new things happy and also make other people happy . So , in my opinion try to do new things are very good even for the people who did not success yet . If I success in my majior in my feature , I will try some another new things , because I want to enjoy my whole life and make maney . Much maney is not only way to be happy but it is one of big easy way to be .
(KOR,high) When I see the commercials on television , I see many goods which look so facinating and useful . However , are they really useful like the commercial 's explanation ? I do not think so , since I believe that the advertisement is a way to lure the cumstomers to buy and to maximize the profit . Thus , sellers will only show the beneficial and useful sides of the commodities . Thus , I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem more useful than they really are . First , the nature of advertisement is not to show people how bad the products are , but to convince them that these products are so beneficial to people 's lives that they should buy . As a result , people who make the commercial have to make products seem much better than the reality . For example , my friend once bought a physical training machine which was advertised for its quick results . They said that it will decrease people 's weight by ten pounds in a week if they work out an hour with it . However , when my friends tried it out , it did not show such results even when she exercised with it for many hours . Another reason for most advertisements to show only good parts of the product is that if the advertisement shows the reality of the products , customers are not going to buy it , and producers will not be able to make a profit . To be specific , Tyrenol , which is a famous medicine for cold and fever , is also infamous for its side effects . I once heard that it can increase the possibility of getting cancers . If the advertisement for Tyrenol say ` this medicine can cause cancers , ' who will risk the chance of getting more serious disease to cure cold ? I believe that humans are easily convinced by what is good , but more easily drawn away by what is bad for them . Therefore , if producers make a advertisement which shows every facet of the products , including the bad ones , people are not going to buy the products since they mostly see the demerit they will have on them rather than the good effects . Producers know well about such a nature of humans ; thus , they will make advertisements which make their products look better than the reality so they could sell more .
(HIN,high) Accoding to my opinion young people do enjoy life more than old people do . The first reason that supports my opinion is the age factor . Young people are free from troubles or fears that come with old age . Talking about the fear , i mean the fear of death and the fear of physical ailments that come with old age . Although old people are free from the basic responsibilities of life but still they cant enjoy their freedom from responsibilites the way they want or deserve because of thier old age and the problems that come with it . Young people live with energy and a youthful and positive attitude towards life . Even though they have responsibilities and goals to achieve , but still they are always filled with energy and an attitude to achieve what they want from life . This is because they are free from all the barriers that come hand in hand with old age . These barriers discourage old people from enjoying life to the fullest . They are nomore in a mental and physical situation to accept challenges in life . They are not capable of setting goals in life and this inturn keeps them away from the ecstacy and joy of achieving a goal that younger people have the ability to enjoy . Another point of view would be the advancement in technology and the generation gap . The older genration is still suffocating in the claws of orthodox and conservative ideas which also stops them from enjoying life to full extent . They are also unaware of the technological improvements that have taken place and are also not ready to identify with them . They still want to stand by their old orthodox traditions and dont open themselves to the fresh breeze of todays world . They want to keep a closed mind and dont want to breathe in the fresh air of the modern world . All these factors act as big barriers in the way of their enjoyment .
(HIN,high) When we speak of academic generalizatiaon versus specialization I will disagree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . What differenciates a man from an animal . Its his ability to think and analyse . Its his mind that differenciates him . Simailarly what differenciates a student who has done a general MBA from one who has specialised in Financial Engineering . The answer lies in the fact that specific problems require specific solutions . Very often in our work environment we are faced with peculiar problems which we are unable to solve . What do we do ? We call in the experts . An expert is one who specialises in solving a particular problem . He has the knowledge and the experience in that particular field that gives him the competitive advantage that the layman would not possess . Let me explain this with a simple illustration . A export house that is expecting certain cash flows in the future is unsure of the currency market and would like to cover his future cash flows . A friend of his suggests that the best solution would be to book a forward contract and crystalise the amount of inflows . However what he doesnt realise is that if the market were to move favorably he would end up missing out on a lot of potential gains . Thats why it would make more sense to be guided by a financial engineer ( the expert ) who would be able to structure a deal for him whereby he would minimise his risk while at the same time have acesss to higher returns . Another classic example would be in the area of medical science . In a very simple case of tooth ache I would prefer to see the Dentist rather than a general physician because I know that the dentist will be able to accurately pinpoint the problem and confidently give me a solution for the same . Experts/Specialists are often those people who will give you that edge over the competition . This is not to say that I totally disregard people who who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , its just that specialists are those who help differenciate the the best from the rest of the pack . In conclusion I would like to say that specialization adds that indepth understanding and analysis to learning the helps professionals to effectively counter problems in their specific field of study .
(FRE,high) Staying young is one of developped countries inhabitants 's greatest concerns nowadays as the others still have to face survival issues such as starvation , ability to cope with natural catastrophes ... Indeed , people nowadays often seem ready to do almost anything to preserve their youth . Why that ? I disagree with that common thought in developped countries which is , ageing brings with it sadness and boredom , and makes enjoying life hardly possible . I think is is a cultural question . Indeed , being african ; yself , I can affirm that in Africa , it is the contrary . Only older people can really enjoy life as they have had time to figure out the meaning of life and they have been able to fulfill their destiny . They have acquired that wiseness totally inaccessible to young because of the latest ones ' inexperience . I think the difference of opinin between what I will called the Occidental culture and the African one stems from the fact that these cultures do n't have the same definition of enjoying life . I would say that the Occidental view of enjoying life is much more hedonistic , epicurian whereas the African one is more ascetic . Actually , in the developing countries ' minds , someone who enjoys life is someone who has the ability of undergoing thrilling experiences , such a person goes out a lot , has a lot of friends , is able to stay on dancefloors until the sunrise . That is not my conception of enjoying life . My view concurs with the African way of thinking . It is not possible to enjoy life if you do n't even know the meaning of it . And in my opinion , young people do n't know it . They interes themselves a lot in superficial things and are unable before a certain time to be able to understand the true meaning of life . How can I claim that I enjoy life while I do n't even know what makes it so important ? And I suppose the answer to that question can only be given after having experienced a lot of ordeals . I find it quite funny the fact that the conceptions of life between the two cultures are so unlike . In my mind , the occidental one is rather superficial and shallow . It may be due to the fact that Africans ca n't allow themselves to be superficial . Seeing all that misery surrounding them , how could they ? It may also come from the fact , Africa is a relatively quite young continent , in which ancesters ' culture is still deeply rooted .
(CHI,medium) I totally agree with the statment that succesful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . In my opinion , as time goes by , the world is improving , and so do ourselves . We need to improve ourselves everyday to be successful . I believe that trying new thing and take tisks is the best way to improve ourselves . As the environment is moving on , we meet new things . Since we are not familiar with it , we should spent time to find out what it 's all about . In that case , risks is unavoidable because we do n't know what 's going to happen . In the progress , we can find out and learn a lot of precious knowledge that we never knew . In that case , we 're improving . In the progress , we may face a great difficulty , which is very hard to solve . When we managed to solve the problem , we gain experiences . In this way , we make the new things into the things that we already know . So we can learn more things if we try new things . For the more , I believe that trying new things can make us more intellegent . We face different things so that we think about different things . Our brain can recieve a better practice . As a result we can be more intellegent . On the contrary , if we do n't try new things and take risks , the only thing we could do is to repeat doing the same thing that we already know . That would have a bad effect on ourselves . When more and more new things arrive , we still know nothing about them . So we would no longer be competitive . In other word , we would not be successful . As trying new things can improve ourselves , make us learn more about the world , let us be more intellegent , I believe that trying new things and take risks is more likely to make successful people .
(CHI,medium) Cars play very important role in our lives . Although they cause a lot of problems , for examples , traffic problems and pollution , they still one of the most convenient tool for us . I cannot imagine if we dont have cars in our lives , what our lives will be . In twenty years , we may find solution to deal with the problems , wich are caused by cars . However , it does n't means cars will be fewer in use than there are today . First , as the main economy support , cars are very important to many countries , not only the developed countries , but also the developing countries . Now , the consumption of cars is increasing in many developing country . For example , china , according to a report for chinese consumption this year , cars become the chief production for chinese to spend money on . More and more companies to sell their cars in China than before . China has a large number of populations in the world . As a result , there will be more cars in use in the future . On the other hand , although we can use other trasportations , such as subways , electronic buses , even bikes , which are common in china , we can not ignore the great use of cars . Cars are no doutly the most convenient tools for us . We can drive car anytime to anywhere . Unlike subways , which has limit of places , we can reach where we want to directly and without time restrict . It is true that cars cause many problems , one of the biggest problems is pollutions . I think with the improvement of science techonology , cars will become more available than today . In fact , a lot of country and companies devote large amount of money to reseach new cars wich will reduce pollution effectively . In sum , cars will not be few , but more in use in the future . Because they are the primary economy support and most convenient and necessary tools for people 's lives .
(ARA,low) I disagree with this , becouse I think this is kind of lieing in bussnis . If the advertisemeents make products seem much better than they really are . Becouse in my relaginen it is not allowed for chating in all way of life , and chating in productts is also in the same way . I think that this way will not be abale with the costomer or other compay will not comunecate with this advertisments company again .
(GER,medium) I totally disagree with this statement . So many young guys today are helping other people to manage their life . I live in a small city called Erding and also in such a small city a club to help students to get better marks established . I joined this club one year ago and first I was surprised how much young people were offering there help there . All of this people are graduate students who use their free time after beeing in their courses and classes to spend it at teaching other students . A major fact is that the other guys and me do not earn a lot of money by this activity . Since my first visit in the club I have been doing private lessons once a week . And I think it is a great honor to see the person teached by you getting better and better grades . I also have a friend who supports a poor family in Asia with 400 Euros a month . Without that help they could not even buy clothes for all of them . 400 Euros is quite a lot of money also for the european way of life . But the girl works hard for beeing able to afford this project . Another example for proving my statement given above are many other students and friends of mine . I have already asked many people for their opinion about the fact that many older poeple that the younger ones do not care about the environment surrounding them . Most of them refused to join the military after finishing school . Instead they did a social work . This would be for example helping older poeple to get to the supermarket or to the church . And surprisingly every one of the enjoyed his job . Everyone agreed that they gained a lot of social experience whithin this time . To sum up I would say that young people often are misunderstood . They are neither laisy nor not willing to offer their help . You can find young poeple all over the social environment working for free and helping the people who need this help .
(GER,high) The question if it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one particular subject is not easy to answer . First of all many academic fields need a specialisation to explore new developments that broaden the understanding of the related research field . This are especially the human sciences were processes become more and more complex and a particular researcher propably would not profit from knowledge in a field not related to his work . In contrast to that there are many academic fields were a broaden understanding of different sciences can help you enormously , as many field are interacting each other . The whole world is involved in the globalization process , so new commitments between people , countries or institutions are made , that had no ealier contact . Business manager have to face new partners belonging to an other culture , that could lead to misunderstandings , if the people do not have the related cultural skills . From my personal point of view , I appreciate to have a broad knowledge of different academic subjects . Studying European Studies with a focus on political sciences , it is absolutely necessary to have skills in sociology to understand what societies as well as parts thereoff are thinking about various steps of political integration on the European level . This also includes skills in European law , as you are not able to archive your political goals without knowing the particular law system , this applies at east on functional democrcies . Additionally , my economic skills are important as without their functionability the whole system would collapse , so you always have to take different positions of view into account , before making a particular decission from your own point of view . Summarized I would say that it is dependent on your academic field to choose in favor or against a broad knowledge . On the one hand there are definitly experts needed to be sure that scientific process goes on , but on the other hand in many different occassions a broader understanding of different academic fields is useful to act securely in a world becoming more comprehensive .
(JPN,high) People could be successful without trying new things but just by following customs only for a short term , but cannot keep being successfull for a long term without trying new things . That is because society and trend always change . I 'd like to bring an example of beepers and mobile phones in Japanese market . The beeper has recently vanished after 40 years of history from its Japanese market . It used to be one of the most popular mobile goods untill mobile phone was commonly used . I remember when was in school , all of my friends had one and it was the main tool to communicate with each other . If you had a bisiness to deal with beepers - could be a manufacture , supplier of materials to manufactures or agencies to make deals with consumers - your business back then must have been successful and prosperous . However , mobile phone became more and more popular since over 10 years ago and it has now overtaken the beepers . Nowadays almost everyone has one or even more than two , like one for private use and the other for business , and it 's hard for many people to imagine a life without them . As being involved in the beeper business if you decided not to go into mobile phone business but stick to the beepers because you did not feel comfortable with trying new things and did not like to take risks , your business dealing with beepers must have gradually diminished and it was no longer successful . In any category , as I meantioned above , trends constantly change and you ca n't stick to the same thing forever . To be successful , it is necessary to adopt new things to go with the latest trend and it always require some risks but it 's , I think , unfortunately unavoidable in order to get success .
(HIN,high) The statement that the , `` Young people enjoy life more than the older people do '' , appears very vague to me . It is a very generalized statement . In my opinion age is just a number and it is the attidude towards life is that matters the most . I believe , if we have a positive attitude then no matter what our age is we will be optimistic and have a zest for life and for other social - cultural activities . In fact as we grow old , we mature and start making wise decisions instead of being impulsive . Young people in my personal opinion are hyperactive and prudent . When young we just want to do things which will give us short term happiness or pleasures . During the growing up years , the tendency is to enjoy and to experience everything without considering the ramifications of their actions . But when we compare , the enjoyment that comprises of physical activities , like sports or other adventurous outdoor activities ( like biking , hiking , surfing etc . ) then there is no denial that the young people enjoy and make the most of it ! Also when we are young , we face the hardships of life , education , job which at times can leave a little time for adventure or enjoyment . But as we grow old , by that time , we have taken care of our responsibilities , achieved and accomplished our goals . Then we adopt a more relaxed attitude to enjoy the benefits of our hardwork . So in a way it can be a debatable question who enjoys the life more , the young or the old ! As far as I am concerned , I do not agree that only young people enjoy life more . Enjoyment and happiness are also associated with the way we humans percieve things . So enjoyment of life by younger generation can also be dubbed as an ambiguous entity .
(SPA,high) It is often said that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Is it really so or has this statement no sense at all ? Whenever an advertisement is conceived , an important issue , a part from the commercial target being aimed at , is the impact given or the message to be transmitted . This naturally derives in a series of techniques adopted to produce the propaganda . Many of these techniques might seem to make products look better than they actually are and therefore spark outrage . Other do not instead , no doubt about that . So the question is , are most advertisements like that ? The answer relies on two issues . One regards logical interpretation of the statement , the other , simple observation of propaganda itself . As a matter of fact , the meaning of the word ` most ' should be specified beforehand . But let us not pay attention to this cynical point . As for observation , it is obvious that the type of product being advertised has an enourmous specific weight in the discussion . For instance , certain products such as medicines cannot be made to look like better than what they actually are , whereas magical fat-loss meals tend to be over-advertised and are likely not to work . Of course , generally , advertisements tend to outline the positive aspects of a product . But this is justified by the nature itself of pubblicity . So , in a way , the phrase could be always considered as correct . On the other hand , as what is being put into discussion is not the nature of advertisement itslef , it would be fair enough to acknowledge the way propaganda is meant to be and proceed to reason not on the essence , but on the form of the problem . In conclusion , the statment might be accurate or less accurate depending on the type of product considered , let still the nature of propaganda .
(GER,high) I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , but I believe that this problem cannot be limited to young people but extends to older generations as well . To begin with , from my experience , only few young people are involved in their communities . Peer pressure , the fear of seeming ` uncool ' to their friends or just lack of interest might be the most common reasons . This is a very sad development , I believe , since community work brings people of different backgrounds together . Community work can , thus , contribute to strenthening people 's sense of responsibility and their open-mindedness . Nevertheless , I do not believe that the problem is limited to young people . Particlarly in larger cities , where life tends to be more anonymous , only few people dedicate time to the community . I do not think , however , that this development is inevitable . My experience is that you can get people involved if you are convinced of what you are doing and you can transport this excitement to others . For example , I have been working in my university 's amnesty international group for four years now . In our work we also regularly visit schools to tell students about what we do and to gain support for our group . The students ' reactions are always very positive in that they are usually ready to help and support our work . As a conclusion , in my view , this example shows that the problem will not be solved on its own . In my opinion , the lack of sense of responsibility for the community is not only a problem among young people but extends to our society as a whole . If we want younger and older people to get involved , we have a responsibility to offer opportunities and to be role-models . Changes in society are hard to achieve . We should nonetheless make an effort - every single one of us .
(FRE,low) Most advertissements make products seem much better than they really are . I desagree for a moment because '' business is business '' and , if you built a society , you 'll like success of your result . So , when the general industries make products better than the maximal level , this problem touch our natural environement .
(KOR,medium) I agree with successful people try new things and risks . I have some reasons why I think when successful people try to new things thoes are not professional , weak experience and knowlege about new thing . From thoese points , people have to take risks when they try to new things eventhough they are already successed before . First , he is not a professional about new things . For example , a man who is a really successful restaurant owner . Every body wants to open restaurant , like him . He probably has some successful ideas and actions . Also , he is sure about his restaurant food and style . It makes him professional owner . However , if he wants to get another shop , such as flower . He likes flower , but it is not enough to open the flower shop . Even if he is a successful restaurant , it does n't have a grantee of successful flower shop . Second , person who wants to try to new thing does n't have enough experience . As I wrote about the man who is the successful restaurant owener . He ca n't open flower shop easily because he doe n't have lots experience about it . Everything is different . For example , when you eat some food , you can realize that every food has different taste . It comes from experience . Last , person who wants to try to new thing does n't have enouth experience . The man who I wrote an example is a successful man from his own business . Maybe , the he has enough knowlege about it , but he is not get easily . Some of knowldge from book , specific person , and so on . But , most important knowlege from own experiece . I mentioned In conclusion , thoese reason which are not professional , weak experience , and knowldege . In my opinion , wherether successful people or not successful people have take risks when they try to new thing . Also , we do n't know that successful people can possible to have failed experience . That 's why I agree with successfil people try new things and take risks tather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
(CHI,medium) Is attend a group led by a tour guide the best way to travel ? Different people might have different answers . In my opinion , I totally agree that attending a group led by a tour is the best way to travel . The reasons why I think so go as follows . To begin with , attending a group led by a tour guide is more relex because i do not need to work hard to arrange a tour by reference many materials about the the tour such as the weather situation about the journey and what is the traffic conditions . In addition , I do not hve to design the tour . Finally , I do not need to drive in a long trip , completely relexing myself to enjoy the trip which led my the tour guide . Therefore , I can save the energy and just follow the instruction of the tour . In addition , by attending a group led by a tour guide , I have many oppertunities to make many new friends who have different backgrounds , such as coming from different areas or different countries , having different cultures . In addition , I can enjoy the nice talk Finally , by attending a group led by a tour guide who have many experiences about the tour , I will get a lot of knowledge and information from the knowledgeable tour guilde and from group members who have many information I have never known . Therefore , attending a group led by a tour guide is a great idea and I like it .
(TEL,high) I do agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . To learn facts is a tempory solution to a problem while if you understand the ideas and concepts of the problem you can rember it for a life time . Students who have command over the ideas and concepts of a particular subject perform well in the exams that students with mere information of facts . By learning facts you can just have one method of solution to a particular problem while if you understand the ideas and concepts you can apply your own knowledge to the situation and may come out with an different way of solution . Not only this but also if you are through with the ideas and concepts of one situation you can even try to apply them to a different situation . Text books also support that understanding ideas and concepts is mor e important for students . Books give examples to various laws , theories and other statement . Of these examples most af them relate to day to day life so that it is easier for the student to make his own experimentation with what he has understood . The importance of understanding and conceptualization can be explained by , for example , learn to drive a car . You go to a driving school and you learn to drive a car . You can drive the car now but you would do it much better if you have proper understanding of how a car works . If you learn the basic or very simple concepts of car mechnics you can do your driving much better . It can also help you when you have breakdowns Though understanding and conceptualizing is time taking it is worth spending time on such long lasting method whose impact is much stronger on students learning .
(ITA,medium) I agree with the statement . Infact I believe that young people enjoy life more than older people because they find it more interesting , they still have to affront many life 's problems , they still have to feel every sensation , they still have to know how life could be horrible sometimes , they still have to know a lot of life-s part that old people already know . For example sometimes my mother tell me how I could affront a problem because she have already affronted a situation like mine and I love when she does it . Everyday young guys and girls feel that there is a big and awesome world in front of them which is waiting them . I love this sensation . I love have a lot of dreams about my future , I like think that I can do what I want about my life because everything depends by me . I know that it 's not like this , there are a lot of problems that I will have to affront during my life , but I prefer to convince myself that with my forces I 'll be able to arrive where I want to . Old men and women believe that their life is an habit ; for example , they already know what they will do next summer because they will do what they did last year and the year before . I want that my mother and my father understand that they are still young , they have to live their life as I uually do with mine . What they usually tell me about my life are important informations for me to resolve my problems , but they have to enjoy their life . For example they could go away for two days without me and my brother or they could change habits and go out for dinner sometimes . When they talk about what they did when they where younger I can see how much they miss that period and I feel bad ... Maybe next Christmas I could ask to the Big Man , as we call him to remember to my parents
(CHI,medium) The question has been asked whether it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts or for them to learn facts . In my opinion , understanding is definatly more important because it give the students a progress of exploring , a chance to be creative and an unforgetable result . Trying to understand ideas and concepts of a topics alows students to go through the investing process . For example , telling students that literacy devices such as metaphor , similies and imagery make writings good is not really convincing . Instead , it would be better to let the students explore through different types of literture and found out themselves that certain techniques add to the porfessioness of writing . Understand how they work would give students a better lesson . Getting the concepts and ideas also provides students a chance to be creative , especially when dealing with are . What kind of art class whould it be without studio work ? Students should be offered to get creative with colours , textures , moods and all sorts of thing . Who cares if they fail once in a while ? New creations found in the process of real understanding . Years after years , it is not the defination that students remember , but the unforgetable experience that they learned . Giving out the facts does not provide students a lot of thoughs of their own . By understanding the ideas and concepts , students gained the ability to conclude the facts themselves . Even if they forget about the facts , they would be able to `` reproduce '' them . Facts is the devil that limited imagination and understanding . Thomas Edison woulding be able to invest without knowing the ideas and concepts of science very well .
(TEL,medium) I disagree with the statement `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' . Cars are the most important means of transport in todays world where people prefer to travel more than other means of transportation . They play an very important role in once life . In twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today because in the modern world people are very bussy with there works and they have to travel to a very far places from where they reside to do there work so they have to travel fast to manage there time . So they need a vehicle in which they can go on very fast so car fullfills the need . In case of other transportation like the public transportation where they have to wait for the public vehicle to come so they are a wasting a lot of time . so most people do not prefer . And many other people have a passion towards cars and they like to drive cars . So people buy cars because of there passion . Because of this reason some families will have more than two to three cars . Car is a prestige issue so this is the reason the average middle class family is also buying a car . And according to the recent surveys people prefer to buy the cars than to any other means of transportation . And because of this there is a large increase in the sales of the cars in the recent years many car manufacturing comming up for this reasons . and when we compare the sales of the cars say from 1930's there is a considerable rise in the sales of the car say at an avereage it is 60 % then the same is going to continue in the future . So by this we can say that we will be using more cars than today . Because of the above mentioned reasons i strongly disagree that there will be fewer cars in twenty years from today .
(SPA,medium) Travel is always a good experiencia , no mater how we doed , but i really think is better to traveld leded by a tour guide . If we traveld alone is like having a big aventure , but maybe we are going to experience some problems that can ruin the vacation . In firts place , in most of the places we go to traveld , we know nothing abauted , so maybe we are going to get lost . With a tour guide we cant visited all the important places od the place we are going to traveld . In second place , a tour guide can bring us key information to undestand the places and culture that we visiting . every culture have a particular history , that is the base of their actual status . Knowig the culture , give us the oportunity to tasted the soul of the place we are . Most of comun people did n't know a lot abaut cultures , son is a very good thing to have a tour gide that can bring us this kind of information . In third place , a tour guide can bring us especial information about how we can satisfy the usual needs we have . Places to dinner , palces to rest , places to spend the night , places of entertaiment , places to by remainders , etc . Also a tour guide also can help us if the language represent a problem to us . Ther are some many languages around the world , so is imposible for a person to know every speaking language . A tour guide it can be a instrument to comunicated we the people of the land we are visistig , so comunication is not have to be a problem to enjoy the traveld . Finally a tour guide can bring some stability and a sense of secure . Traveld with a tour guide it is the best way to traveld .
(ARA,low) I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do for these reasons : young people have alot of power which life needs , yonge people have alot of time for enjoy in this life and older people have alot of problems that make him not enjoy in their lifes . First , young people have alot of power in this time . Young people have a good health , a good and nice body and more they are more active . Ali can to go to Desney town and play there most dangeras games , but his grandfather can not . Second , Younge people have alot of time . They do not have alot of responsility like childrern and busness . Researches say that more than 50 % of young time is for enjoying , but the olders have less 20 % of their time for enjoy . Finally , old people have alot of problems that make him not enjoy in thier lifes . Old people have alot of disease and children that make there lifes not intersting . In conclusion , the best time for the human is when he is young . Young can do every things . Although we can not stop the time , we should enjoy in every minut in the young time .
(CHI,medium) I agree with the statement . We can forthseeing the future world . Firstly , the energy crises is coming . If we cannot find other source of energy , there will have no energy source for the cars . The energy price will grow up many many times from now . Citizen may travel by public-transport instead owning a car . Moreover , the government will control the numbers of privite cars to control this problems . Next , the mass-transit transport will carry most of the passengers . So the needs of the cars is decrease . Secondly , all vehicles will produces pollutions including electrical-vehicles . It is because when generating energy , the there are many exhauted gas came out . For examples , CO2 and SO2 . According to the increase of voice in `` earth saving '' , people will most transported by public-vehicles . For example , they will transport by railway instead of dissel-cars . Thirdly , for the development of the tele-communication , citizen may not need to go out for works . They may work at home . They may go shopping at home . The student may not goto school , their class may be held at home . Do anything at home . So the needs of the cars will be decrease . On the other hand , the population of many countries is decreasing . So that , after 20-years , the needs of cars may decrease . Otherways , the working groups of citizen also need to spend money for the eldery . Next , the capacity of cars are increasing day-to-day . They may carry more people and goods . That will decrease the numbers of the cars . For examples , 60 years ago , there was no double-desker-bus in the world . Nowadays , the road is full of double-desker-bus . The development of the technologies can decrease the demand of the cars . According to the reasons I mentions above , I think that there will be fewer cars in use . Perhaps after 20 years , people will be travelling on foot for heathy life !
(TUR,low) I disagree with this statement . Because not everybody likes what i like and i dont have to like what everybody likes . Thats why i would rather go alone . But there might be somebody like me , which i mean by this is any person who likes to do stuff that i do or likes the things that i like . I am really sorry to continue like this but right now i am taking the test in a room with 5 more person other than me and we all are taking the test with the computer . But right know i am in the writing section and some of us are still in the speakin section and i really can not concentrate on what i write . Also its been on all the sections because we use the head phones it makes alot of noise and it seriously very hard to stay on task . I really study for this test and i was hoping that i would do good in this test but under this conditions i dont think i did good . I guess i will have to retake the test . I just wanted to tell you what i felt about the stuation . THANKS
(TUR,medium) LIFE IS FOR YOUNGERS When it comes to a question like who enjoys the life most , then the answer seems to be obvious . Of course ; the young people enjoy the life more than older people in terms of several reasons . First ; I can say that young people have more free time than old people . Therefore ; this means that they have more time to spent on their hobbies and favorite sports . They have a chance to do whenever they want to do such as leisure activities . For example ; young people dont have to take care children , clean home and cook for dinner . However ; older people have to spend some time on all of these . Second ; having a joyful time in life is more related to the age . Young people have more energy than older people . They are more energetic and physically active as compared to the older people . This enables young people to get more enjoy from life . They can go to mountains for climbing , go for skiing and go for diving . However ; older people may not do all these activities since they can not able to find enough energy to do . Therefore ; this make them not to get much joy from life . Finally ; it is more related to the psychology of people . Since young people have much more curiosity than older people ; they have an eager to discover new things . Young people try to get as much info as they can get from their environmet . Therefore ; they have much more tendency to enjoy the life most . In contrast ; older people would not be in a mood that they look for something new . Since they get much experience from life , they may never find enough interest to already discovered issues . All the above mentioned reasons indicate that life is something like for young people
(HIN,high) `` Do anything as if it were your last and up to the point of perfection . '' I firmly beleive in the statement but I do n't really beleive that only by trying new things and taking risks a person can be successful . You can reach the zenith even if you are doing what you know how to do well with sheer hardwork and perserverence . Behind every spectacular event lies unspectacular preparations . I would rather like to work hard on my assets and plans to excel them other than trying something new and exciting which has the probability that I might not like it . The roots of success lies in the will to exceed in life and a continuacy to a purpose . I loved helping people , dealing with the children so pursued teaching . I think if I continue my same profession of teaching I would be more successful other than trying a new thing all together like nursing . If I continue to teach , I have an enriched experience in the field of teaching and later on I can also apply for the position of a Principal . But if I change my field to nursing I have to learn all about medicines and have to start from the very scratch . Secondly I think a person gets a lot of satisfaction if he or she is doing something they already know . It gives a sense of self content and hapiness after that hardwork . If I offer to cook anything for my friend but I do n't really know how to cook , I might have an unpleasing experience after that chore because that dish might not be very tasty . So instead of taking any risk I would rather do something I enjoy and know how to do well . And I do n't think if I wo n't try that I am unsucessful . Instead I know how how to avoid ruining my day and how to get the most of it . When you are doing something you already know you develop the sense of perfection and there are more chances to excel in that field . Well in the end life is a tin of sardines and we are all looking for thye key . So sometimes we might have to try new things but my main chore would always be what i like doing the best .
(ITA,medium) I think that a general knowledge of many academic subject is the best way to understand which will be my future work . I believe in this because of my last and still coming on the surface doubts about `` what I will be in the future '' . Infact if you would be listening to my telephone calls or discussions with my mother in the last times , for estance , you would discover me speaking rightly about this . I think in this period of the life , almost everybody has already decided what to do so this is why people decide to attend specialized courses , and to take part to lessons on specific subject . If your interest is so specific and you are sure about what are your passions and loves , you should n't waste your time and pick up specialized subject studies . But not for all the people , things are clear ... This is my case , I have n't nearly a clue of I surely will be , or in which envoironment I would like to work in , maybe turism business ? maybe in the army ? is working in a bank the right choice ? ... ... I really do n't think so ! An this is why I really trust in what I stated . An other problem is that the decision , applying the question on which the essay is based , on college choosing period of our life , an other factor come inside : time goes on . Having the possibility to have more lifes I would surely try both approaches , attending specializing courses and lessons on a subject or few of them , then trying to find my way through , also having a broad knowledge of many acadamic subjects . My answer , so my solution to the question , could not be so clear after what I 'm going to state right now , but , reading what I have just wrote above this final lines , you will be able to understand my vision : If we have already decided what we are going to do in the future we must `` carpediem '' ( so take time by the hair ) , and pick a specializing academic path . But if we are not sure or we think our ideas will change , taking part to the study of many academic knowledge is the better decision . Referring to the question `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' the first will be a more flexible choice then the second one .
(GER,high) Generally speaking , I agree with the statement . In my opinion it has gotten harder for young people to get involved in community activity . It is true that less an less young people participate in activities of their communities , but there are reasons to do so . First of all , I think that the expectations of a young person 's environment , especially parents and teachers , are very high nowadays . It is expected from a young person to earn good grades at school or at college , to participate in extra curricular activities to show a wide range of interest and many young people have to work after school to earn their spending money . There is not much time left to engage socially . Besides , in our society young people are told everywhere to have fun rather than being socially engaged . This raises young people 's expectations as well . But I believe , that most young people cannot be held responsible for wanting to live like they are told to by the media and their environment . In other cultures young people do not experience the same kind of freedom young people in the USA have . Often they are told to take care of family members or friends , which is a social engagement as well . In the western civilisation the family structures and social connections have been weakened over the last decades , which might also be a reason for decreasing interest in social work . So the problem of the declining number of young people who give time to help their community is overall a societal problem , that has to be dealt with , because there is still a necessity to encourage young people to engage socially . Communites often depend on people , especially young ones , who are not paid for the work they do . Moreover , it can be a lot of fun , being an active part of a community . It is always a way to meet a lot of people who share your interests and it can be very inspiring to work with elderly people , for example . Young people can lern a lot from them .
(SPA,high) Although it might seems that younger people enjoy life more than older people do , one need to be careful before making such assumption . Young people certainly for the most part seem to be more extroverted about the ways they pursue experiencing , and having fun . Perhaps this is the reason why the market is loaded with a plethora of outlets for them to consume and experience `` joy '' or better said `` fun '' . Nowdays as technology advances there seems to be a never ending industry aimed to providing entertainement for young folks . This explosion of gadgets and toys certainly can be distracting to the not-so analytical eye and might lead to believe what the statement says . However , I consider that older people enjoy life as much , if not more than young people because they have reached the maturity for doing so in a more simpler ways ; and because they might have mastered the basic elements that conceive the art of enjoyment at its purest essence . Certainly the joys of older people tend for the most part to manifest differently from those of the younger crowd . And therfore being unperceptible to the young and inexperienced eye . One of the reasons is simply because older people did experience similar `` joys '' when they were young and do not need them anymore . The other reason is because they might make `` less noise '' about the ways they enjoy life . Some may say that when older folks were young they did not have all the technological toys that are present today in the market and therefore they could not enjoy life as young people do today . Certainly , Play Stations , DVD , and MP3 were not around 20 years ago , however , technology such as radio , television , record players , and more that are taken for granted today , were inovative technological `` toys '' thirty and fifty years ago that provided plenty opportunities for the youth of that time to enjoy life . Certainly , it is much easier to travel today than it was fifty years before , but then most people did not think of it as a way of enjoying life . One can even go further and try to think about non-western societies where electronic gadgets are not part of everyday life . There too , young people tend to enjoy life differently than older folks . Young men might go hunting and young girls might be involved in weaving while elders do n't do these activities anymore . Perhaps there the difference might be that more often than in our societies , both young and old people gather together to enjoy for instance story telling sessions , where the elders are the main providers of fun and the youngers ones become apprentices of the ways they will enjoy life later on .
(FRE,medium) To know if it is better for successful people to try new things , including to take risk , rather than only doing what they already know to do well is difficult to deal with due to it also concern us , and the way we tackle life . So ; e people thin it is better to stay in a zell known safe place . On the contrary to take risk in order to test nez things can also be partly justified . In my opinion , I am firmly convince that it is better to test new things , even if it includes risks . The first reason I support this statement is that you cannot work wonders without doing anythings . To try new things is kind of pre requisite to be successful . If you want to work your way up , you ; ust try neq things . If you do not , you just stay an ordinary person . Obviously there are different levels according to people ze speak to . Another reason I prefer testing nez experi ; entation is that it is pointless to do alzays the same . Human being needs to take risk to progess . to illustrate ; y point of view I can use the exa ; ple of skiing , to progessm to be successful you ; ust go on harder skipath . Last but not least it is also clear that it is thanks to people who take risk on high level , who enable hu ; anity to progressm to find solution to get better conditions of life . Taking all these apects into account , I am strongly convinced that successful people who take risk are right .
(SPA,medium) Generally young people seem to enjoy life more than old people do , this is based on the amount of activities that young people perform with respect to older people and the enthusiasm and joviality that young people put on a given circumstance . The amount of activities that an individual performs defines that individual 's character . As it is known by far , young people are involved from scandals to all sorts of extreme sports . The behaviour that a young individual exhibits comes from body constitution . A younger individual produces a higher level of hormones such as adrenaline that estimulates the trend of being more active , hence enjoying life more . A clear example that shows the enthusiasm of a young person compared with an old person is holiday times . During holiday times young people are more likely to make plans about parties and things similar to it , while older individuals worry more about what people might think of them , so they do not express fully their emotions and rather than going out like a young person , they cohibit themselves staying indoors no matter how bored they might be . Another important factor that shows that young people enjoy life more than older people do , is the number of activities that younger individuals perform with respect to older individuals . Younger individuals are more detached from their physical limitations , which is why it is more likely to find a young drunk person at work , than an older experienced person drunk at a work place , or it is more likely for a young person to be in a party for 24 hours without sleeping than an older person . Younger individuals enjoy life more than older people because they have less things that are part of their life experience , and they feel as if they had to try on many things to reach a satisfactory level of life development . Generally the factor that makes younger people enjoy life more than older people do is society , since society portrays older people as examples of life that cannot do certain things because they would mislead young people and create a social conflict within a given state .
(KOR,medium) There are some specific charactersitics of so-called successful people such as witness , generousity , calmness and leadership . They would also have a great amount of knowledge and experiences in their career path . In addition , I strongly believe that those people are characterized in adventurers . People who succeed in not only their career but also society usually have strong passion of their dreams . It means that they want to try somthing desirable even if the dream is the new that other people have never thought about . In history , influential people tried to prove their thought in spite of disagreement by others . If they did n't try to approve the truth , we would have n't known it . Even if the truth did n't influece our life , our thinking would not be improved , and we would n't be able to develop our life anymore . We would stay there without any risks . In addition , if we sticked to do something that we are good at , life could n't be various . The life is only once , so we ca n't exchange our lives with anything . We have responsibility to take care of our lives and make them valuable . I believe that the way to make valuable life is to experience the new that we
(ITA,medium) for me it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , because if you have broad knowledge you always could make anything in any moment . if you have specific knowledge you are limited . in the world of the work if you have specific knowledge you will have more difficult to find a job than a person who have broadn knowledge . i think that is more important have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because usually , for the work , is not required specialize knowledge in one specific subject . well i think that for the person is more beautiful have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because if you have more knowledge you can speak with any people you meet . you could speak with various type of people . people who have different trucks of life . people who arrive to various places of the world and speak different languages . if you have specialize knowledge in one specific subject you may not understand other different subject very well because you do n't have basic knowledge of other subject . in the past there was n't the possibility to know many sub
(GER,high) The amount of cars will certainly decrease within the next twenty years due to both economical and ecological facts . Oil has become more and more expensive due to many reasons . The wars , which are held because of the oil certain countries have will steadily influence the prices in the future . The weapons need to be financed , which force but and also enable certain countries to receive as much money as possible and save wherever they can . This will lead to the raising of taxes and , predominently , of oil prices . The citizens will try to change their means of transportation by using trains , buses or even bicycles . In major cities , traffic jams cause people to lose a large amount of their time , when trying to get to work in the morning , or even travelling around their country during school holidays . Soon many people will realize the other type of convenience : when arriving at a certain place without the negative aspect of having dealt with a great amount of stress moments before . Another problem , which the people will be faced with , is the pollution the cars produce when being run with normal fuel . It is certain , that the Ozone Layer is being damaged daily and soon the people will become confronted with the effects this will have on their direct environment . In this case , the sollution could be using fuel from plants . But the gas stations , which offer this specialty cannot be found easily , especially when one is dealing with an emergency of a broken down car due to lack of fuel . The conclusion is that many people will slowly realize how switching from cars to other transportation will positively effect their lives and their environment . They will not only be able to be more flexible due to more time spent with not having to wait on highways but also realize , how much money can be saved by not having to be dependent upon raising oil prices .
(ITA,low) Maybe , but I am not sure . It 's true that tecnologhy are growing very rapidly , but 20 years ago we said that today we could have cars with no pullution and that we cuold fly with them . I belive in our studies , and I am sure that something are changing . Now we are looking at Hydrogen like only solution for a pollution dicrease , but maybe tomorrow we can find something different . I think that the only way to have less cars in use is the introduction of a new tax to enter in the city and a good service of bus and train in the city . Italin people are not able to reach the work place without their car and , I think a lot of people all over the world want their indipendent and to be free to go wherever they want . Today we are about 5.000.000.000 people but in twenty years how many are we ? How many car will be ? If we grow up we need more transport and more car . Now all the car are moved by gasoline , but is its price good and is its disponibility enought ? Maybe only solution to cut the car number is the end of the gasoline or a price so high that nobody can buy it . Some studies say that the gasoline price reach in italy on 2007 like a 1 , 80 euro for L , and if we think about mind salary it is easy to see how is difficult drive our car . However I think that will be very strange if in twenty years will be fewer cars in use but if we learn to go in 2 or more people with one car maybe could happen .
(ARA,medium) Young People and Their Communities Young people have the ability and the time to do many things for their communities but nowadays they are busy in other things like playing games , watching TV , spending too much time with friends . I agree with that statement because of the following reasons : They think that the othe things ( playing , watching TV , ... ets ) more important than helping their communities ; and they think that the young people themselves need help from their communitis . Many young people are interested in the computers and video games , internet , wathing TV and movies , and visiting friend and spend much time with them . So they are very busy with these things and they ca n't find time to help their communities . Also the young people think that they themselves need their communities help by giving them advise by the older people about studying in universies and how they can choose a good univerdity and a good major . Also they want to learn from the experts . Those experts are usually from the old people . Moreover , we have to give the young people a feeling that they are men we can depend on them . And if they feel that , they may provide help to their communities . For ecxample , if you deal with ayoung person as a chile he will hate you and the community and wo n't help you . For these reasons I think that young people do n't give enough time to help their communities . But if we provide advise for those young people they will help their communities but when they get older .
(GER,medium) In my opinion I can not really agree or disagree with the statement `` Succesful people try new things and take risks rather then only doing what they already know how to do well . '' For example , it is always necessary to do things which I really know are good and how I have to do them . I can not open a design agency if I do not know how to work with colours , arts , signs or types . That are necessary and elemantary topics for a designer . But if my agency works good , I could try some risks . For example , I could try to achieve new goals . This does not work without some risks . When I first only coloured books and invented new corporate designs for other firms , and now I want to offer a new part of design , the imagefilm , it includes a lot of risks . I have to ask me some things : `` Do I have enough money for the new equipment ? Am I able to handle with the new topic ? '' or '' Will I have people wanting pay me for my work ? '' This are all risks and the topic is a new thing for me . But I could really be succesfull , maybe I have a great talent in making film . And new ideas are going to be searched . It could be , that I have not many limits in my mind about this topic and I could try mostly everything . This would be a new way for me and my agency . And if colouring books and making new corporate designs are things which worked good before , they are the basis for new things and risks . And I can be sure that I have things which are able to allow me the new risks . That is why , I think you need both to be succesfull , first you should have knowledge which you already know to handle and then you can try new things amd take risks . This would be a very good combination for beeing a succesfull people .
(ARA,medium) First of all the years of young is great years and they will be a great memories when the young get old . The young years is like a fresh flower but will be dead when the young get old . Every body does n't want to be old , every body want to be young . Actually the young people has diffrent properties than old people . The young people they are more healthy than old people . The young people also they can run long distance than old people . But the young people they ca n't feel about their young years untill when they get old . Which is that wrong . The young poeple they should secure their young and trying to keep it with them untill when they get old . Some examples for how to secure their young years by playing sports , eating fruits , vegetabils , and doing excersice every single day , etc . Secondly iam not agree or diagree yet until i finish from my explaining about the young and old peoples . Actually some of old people they are tired and they have physical problems . These problems what they have from their young years because when they were young they did n't use it correctly . By different reasons could be smoking , not that much exercise , or do n't eat goods , etc . So the young people they should take care for them selfs and try to get away from the bad things that can harm their young . Thirdly the young people life could turn to the old people by the reasons i mentioned in the second phargraph and also the old people life could be like the young people life . So the young life is not everything unless they take care of it . Also if the old people take care of them selves they will live better than the young people life . In conclusion i agree about the young people enjoy there life more than the old people unless they take care of it . Finally i would say if we take care of our selves we will enjoy our lives with out any trouble or facts that can stop us from enjoying our life .
(JPN,high) I do not agree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . '' I think that older people have as many ways to enjoy life as young people do . Even though young people and older people have different ways to have fun , I am positive that everyone in society has many opportunities to enjoy her/his life . First , many young people enjoy playing sports , playing musical instruments , hanging out with friends . For example , I am a high school student , and I feel really happy when I play the piano , when I play tennis with my friends , and also when I go to movies or bowling with my friends . I see other high school students having fun playing soccer , videogames , talking with friends . There are many other way to enjoy their life too . Second , I have seen on television many older people playing games , having good times with their grandchildren , reading many books , etc . They can find the ways to see happiness in their lives . My grandmother likes sowing , and she told me when I was little that she liked sowing but also liked people 's happy faces when she gave them something she made Also I have seen old people playing golf , or meeting with old friends from their high schools or colleges . However , it is true that younger people would have more opportunities to enjoy many things because of youth . Older people would have less energy or have lost some ability to do something than younger people do . But even though older people may have less opportunities to enjoy life by playing sports or something that needs much energy , they of course can have something they can do without moving a lot or using much energy . There are also many things younger people cannot do because of less experiences . For example , as I mentioned above , meeting up with old friends is a thing only old people can do . Again , I think older people have many ways to enjoy life as well as young people do . The ways may be different , but everyone has many opportunities to have fun in lives , because I think that is what most people live for . Everyone has something he/she can see happiness in to live long .
(HIN,medium) The media of today is a very powerfull tool . In other words the media is the king of the world . Whatever is shown in the telivision , in the newspapers and the magazines ia greately influencing the public . Children and even some adults get carried away buy thir tactics . The influence may be negative or positive . I believer that they sometimes mislead the people . Thus i completely agree that the advertisements make the products seem much better than they are . Adversitements that are in forms of writting on paper or those seen visually on the telivision are very different from those that they actually show or tell us . Firstly the product shown in these advertisments are not what they actually show us . Lets take the example of medicines . The advertisements in a mere ten to fifteen seconds try to explain us for what it should be taken and for what if it should be avoided . They may inform us that they do wonders for , like lets take an example of a patient of some heart disease . They may tell us that the can help cure or treat high cholestrol in just one month and also tell that you need not follow a diet conrtol .. But scientifically how can a high cholestrol be cured in a month and that to without havin a diet control . Thus i believe that these can be missleading Sometimes they may tell us that any kind of skin problem be it on face or any other part of the body can be taken care of . They may use the words like `` magical cream '' . The patients may believe them . They may use them but in vane . Actually this is just a tactic they follow to fool us . Lets take another example of a `` hair remover cream '' . The advertisements may show a beautiful girl with no hair on her face or legs . She would say ... `` for a silky skin like mine use so and so cream '' . The irony is that they already have talek a girl who had no hair on her face or legs . So are they not trying to mislead the people . The advertisments tell us that if we buy for example a laptop on this particular day , u will get a printer and a scanner `` free '' with it . They do this not to tell us to come and buy them but to fool us . They before hand had already hiked the price of the laptop so as to acomodate the cost of the other things with them . Morever i am a firm believer of the fact that `` nothing in this world come for free '' Thus i completely believe that most of the advertisemants make the product seem much better than they are . So before buying them one should definately do their `` homework ''
(TEL,high) It is widely believed that Young people enjoy their lives more than older people do . It is widley belived and we all know that the wider the beliefs can not be the truths all the time . This is one such instance . It is a popular notion because we , the most people , associate enjoyment with physical activity . As the old people can not move fastly or most of the time they are confined to a place we tend to believe that they are not enjoying . It is because we start comparing ourselves with them . And it is even strengthened by `` Young-ones - play-old-see '' . But the argument holds no water at all . Because , enjoyment is not a mere activity of jumping around or moving vigorously . It is more than that . Most old one may not play the foot ball but they enjoy a lot seeing the young ones playing . Like we do watching foot ball on the TV . We are not on the national sides or clubs but we do enjoy the success of the our favorite club star . Are n't we enjoying the success of our `` rolemodel '' . Yes we do . Like us they do . Enjoyment has a lot do to with meantal activity , how one perceives the things and he takes them into his / her stride . For example , Take the instance of my neighbouring old couple they enjoy a lot by reading novels , watching TV , listening music , Oh ! that envious cosy evening walks . When asked about it their comment was in unision `` We are enjoying like never before '' . Reason was simple when they were young they never had that leisure time . They were either busy with the jobs or raising their children . Can anybody dare say its not enjoyment . Another similar instance is My own grandfather enjoys a lot by catching up with his old friends . Whcih he could n't do when he was young because of his packed schedule . Another great example is my grandfather enjoys , may be defeating me , hands down most of the time , chess as much as I do . Even the research has come out with the great findings that are `` Happier ones live long '' . On the lighter side , they do n't have exams to write big problem to the so called enjoying young ones . Enjoyment is all in the mind not the body , It has to do with mental activity rather than physical activity . Its how one feels not others .
(GER,high) In 20 years , there will be significantly more cars in use than there are today . Looking at the case from a global point of view , we find that there are huge parts of the world which are now strongly underdevelopped regarding the use of cars , e.g. China and South East Asia . Nevertheless they are growing fast . This willl outnumber the decrease of the number of cars in Western Europe and North America . Main factors The main factors for the growth or decrease of car use are the cost of individual mobility , i.e. fuel costs , the costs of the cars themselves , the environmental costs , the need and desire for mobility and the wealth of nations . Those factors differ strongly among the nations . Costs The costs of individual mobility can be regarded as fast growing all over the world . Petroleum will soon be difficult to get , alternative fuels are not yet strongly developed . Environmental costs can hardly be estimated , but are undoubtedly much higher than we think . Europe Regarding the European or American individual , use of cars will certainly decrease during the next twenty years . Today many families e.g. in Western Germany notice that they can no longer afford a second car due to the increase in fuel costs . In addition , not only the fuel but also the cars themselves . The need for mobility will decrease as the average age rises and the employment rate sinks . South Asia Regarding the South East Asian , especially the Chinese individual , use of cars will increase strongly . Growing wealth and strong industrial growth will lead to rise in the number of cars that coul be compared to the rise in Europe and America during the second half of the 20th century . Environmental costs are high , but need not be paid at once . Conclusion During the next twenty years the increase of the number of cars in Asia will outnumber the decrease of the number of cars in Europe and America , although the costs will rise permanently . The impact of fuel costs on the use of cars will strike in about 10 years . The number of cars globally seen will therefore strongly increase during the next 10 years and begin to decrease rapidly in the 2030s .
(FRE,high) The present statement is a false dichotomy on an essential academic topic : is breadth of knowledge better than specialized knowledge ? I will develop the reasons why I consider that building broad and specialize knowledge are both essential and complement each other . To have a wide knowledge of many academic subjects is essential nowadays and will be even more important in the future . The world we live in moves fast and new technologies have enabled an exponential growth of network connections between people from different background and cultures . Therefore having a broad understanding of different cultures and industries is key for an individual to understand and evoluate in our world . Conversely , specific and specialize knowledge is essential in order to contribute to the development of our civilization . To master all the aspects and challenges of the discipline is essential in order to contribute to its development . Having insight on a specific topic is a strength which could infer numerous jobs opportunities . One of my science teacher at university used to say that the more specialize a discipline is , the more broad knowledge you need to understand the mechanisms of nature and physics . He used to think that somehow many scientific disciplines converges towards a unique truth ( an old scientist dream ) . As a conlusion , I believe there are no reasons for contending that broad knowledge is more essential than specialize knowledge ( or vice-versa ) . As a matter of fact , I consider they complement each other . I would even add that what is essential in our today world is to learn how to learn in order to be able to adapt ourselves to our ever fast muting civilization .
(TUR,medium) Being of part of the world which shows an incrediable growth in every passing seconds , I find myself as thinking of why Turkey is not like in an situation like America in world arena and i truely constracted my ideas and thougts on specialization in one specific subjets . I definitly agree the idea of being specialization . I am going to proof it truely . America 's and Turkey 's position in global range is simple . Turkey is lower at education , health , human rights than America . Let 's look at education . I am mechanical engineer and when i had find to have chance to look at lecure 's or class notes of the equivalent universities in America , i was suprised . The topics and content was simple that us . The same situation with gmat tests which has to be take for the mba graduate . Questions are so simple to qualify to accept the person to graduate . Then why they qualify us with simple high-school mathematic questions for their graduate study but America is in front of the too many counrtys with its education . I believe the answer is specialization . I learnt too many math , history , science but no one ask me that if i prefer playing chello rather than these too much confusing school subjects . Of course if am so intersted in playing chello , i could be the person who plays chello with knowledge of science . But why not i prefer spending of my time with a education of chello , why not i learn chello of history . The sitation shows breaking up the education , study or work in to peaces will decrease the efficiency with the ratio on spending time with . America achieve this with brialliant ratio . They also chance the idea of future plan which has to be specialized . You can easly be get the education of jazz history while you are at junior at engineerin department . This brings score at end the specilazed situaati \ .
(HIN,high) HELP OTHERS TO HELP YOUR NATION In the present day world where technology is advancing at such a high rate and where the economy is booming , it seems that the world has somewhere lost the meaning of helping others . The present youth is more actively involved in making fast money in order to enjoy a life filled with luxuries . People have indeed become more selfish and self-centered and do not think twice abt taking out some time from their lives to help their communities or the underpriviliged . I am indeed very ashamed to admit that the youth of the present generation does not involve itself in any social or charitable work . The youth needs to tighten their buckle and needs to start acting upon this grave matter . It is often seen that the youth filled with its raw and uninhibited passion and spirit is able to change the world and make a noticeable difference . The youth has indeed forgotten its responsibilities and duties . I would like to expalin the above by illustrating the fact that many youngsters spend whopping amounts of money on celebrating their birthdays and other occasions . What i would like the youth is to spend some time with their grandparents and elderly relatives or do some type of charitable work on their date of birth if they find it too taxing to do it on a regular basis . In doing so , they indirectly play a very imprtantrole in shaping a healthy and ultimately a prosperous nation . Setting up awareness camps in rural or underdeveloped areas canhelpspread awareness about various diseases and the like . Such efforts can induce people to be more cautious about their health-and being healthy can ensure a better chance of survival . The youth can help its communities in every effort they put in . For example , recently my elder sister organised a blood donation camp and a rally to spread awareness about female foetacide on the eve of Gandhi Jayanti . Her heartfelt efforts attracted many students and even faculty memebers of her college . All of them took part very passionately and indeed helped spread awareness in our small town . Similarly . i feel very strongly that the youth needs to take varoius steps in this particular direction so that it can improve the standard of living of their communities and help work towards a more prosperous AND DEVELOPED NATION
(HIN,high) `` Adolescence is the golden phase of life '' . This statement will definetly support my idea that young people truly enjoy life more than older people . One always remembers the life which he has lived during his early years . It is always hidden as beautiful memory in some corner of their mind . The young generation loves to face challenges , they are filled with energy , they have nothing to worry about . Young generation truly love to do experiment with their life , this may be sometimes dangerous but they do learn alot from it . They take every event or task as a challenge and then strive hard to complete it . Even though they fail in their first attempt , they never give up and hence they learn how to live an enjoyable life . This can be seen from an example that when a young boy tries to make some device , he faces failure in the very first attempt . But then he tries to put more of his creativeness and develops new model . This is why technology is advancing with such a rapid speed and the world is getting acquainted with new innovations . Young generation is always filled with immense energy . Taking example of various scientists like Einstein , Newton it can be seen that these people have created history because they had that unlimited energy to keep experimenting things until a final conclusion is not reached . As young people are continously doing something or the other , they are never exhausted neither do they feel lazy . This results in their better health . They do not have to be depended on those highly expensive pills nor do they have to take some medecines as a substitute for food because all organs of their body are well functioning . The most crucial secret behind the enjoyable life that young people enjoy is that they are free from all bondages . They do not have any load of responsibilities , they treat themselves as free lancer and plan their living according to their own benefits and pleasure . Niether they have to go to work and take responsibilities at the office nor they have to keep thinking about their home chores . They can share responsibilities but they do not have to carry it as a burden over their head . Thus , by summarizing all the above points and example it can be seen that young people have an aim in their life and this is the most vital reason why they enjoy living a better life in comparison with that of the old ones .
(ARA,high) Taking risks is an important part of life . It involves trying new methods , living in new environments , and learning new experiences . In my opinion , I certainely believe that to be successful , you always have to challenge yourself with new things to promote your abilities . When you are routinely doing an activity , you become an expert at it after some time , and you gain no further knowledge about it . Take for example , a teacher who has been teaching the same seventh grade math curriculum for ten years . At the start of his work he will be enthusiastic , thriving on new ways to teach , and trying to do his best in class to convey the concept . In a couple of years time , he might develop new and innovative ways to pass the concept to his students , but after he reaches that , he will have no further motive to enhance because he will have reached a peak . His teaching methods might even decline . Consider this same teacher moving to a new school , that teaches math in different ways , or even teaching other levels other than seventh graders . His new experiences will broaden his knowledge and prospective about the subject , and will make him a more experienced teacher . Although moving to the new school requires him to take a risk , because he was already known to be good at his old school in the particular grade he taught , moving opened a new and challenging field for him . It allowed him to learn new approaches , deal with different age groups , and add to his overall teaching experience . He can be a more successful teacher because he dealt with different areas of his work instead of doing the same thing over and over again . To be a successful person , you should never let the fear of losing stand in your way . Always take risks , and seek new opportunities to help you grow and develop in your work environment or community .
(TUR,medium) With the increasing of instant communication , advertisements have become much popular . And nowadays most of the adverts are shown by TVs . These advertisements includes from very useful products to the products that cause regretfull days for customers . There are so many situations we are encountering today . How many of us rushed to a market to buy a very simple product that pulled us like a magnet ? It can be a pen or a HI-FI . It does n't matter . But there are many other products that do the same job like the adverted materials . And also , they can be much cheaper than the adverted one . But it does n't matter . Once we are hypnotised with the advertisement on a TV channel , no one can make us buy the other crappy thing , or it seems like a crappy thing . So many feedbacks are made by the customers till today about lots of unsatisfactory things . And what is more ; these can be a material that was being advertised over media . I also encountered such problems . Once I brought back a bad book that became very interesting for me with an advertisement before I bought it over Internet . This was becouse of that shinny advertisement . If I had see the book in a store before , I would even never touch its cover with my precious fingers . It was just a game played over those easly effected customers who watch advertisements , like me . Also , there are so many movies that we wanted to see them so much and jumped into the cinema saloon and running away with an incredible speed after the credits . Even there are lots of people rushes to the exit door of the saloon during the movie breaks and never come back who ca n't resist . But as you think ; these movies had been advertised so successifully before the watchers spent their hard earned money . In conclusion , it is possible to show a product much more better than they really are with an advertisement . As this happens so much , especially nowadays , do n't buy a product or go to a cinema or even reserve a holiday before hearing some comments . Dogcan Bicakci .
(JPN,medium) I agree with this statement . I think that the broad knowledge of many academic subjects is important for several experience . Also , it is useful on the several situation . First of all , I think that people who have the knowledge about anything are respected by other people . If the teacher know about not only English but also scientics , when he or she is asked by his or her students , he or she can answer smoothly . And , they can solve their question . In my case , my English teacher has knowledge anout anything . For example , he knows about the art , the history of the livings , and the lifes of the other countries ' tribes . When I talked with him about these subjects , I was surprised and thought that I could learn various things from him as my teacher . I can ask the question what I ca n't solve , and everytime , he responds my question . Therefore , I respect of him because he is intelligent . In addition , if people know that , they can use their knowledge anytime . For example , when they are forced to write the essay about the subjects that I mentioned before , they can write them without researching . They do n't have to waste of time to investigate or ask to the others . Moreover , even if they research about them , they know the basic things , so they can improve their knpwledge from other information . In my experience , when I had to research to write the essay about the problem about Yasukuni Shrine because I had no idea about that . At that time , I regretted that I did n't have the knowledge . If I knew about the problem , I could write the essay more deeply or effectively . In summary , I think that it is good thing for them to have the knowledge about various subjects . One reason is they can be praised their intelligence when theycan answer the question from other people . The other thing is that it is useful on their lives .
(ITA,high) In the twentieth century advertising has become increasingly important , and it is one of the keys for the success of a commercial product . Most of the advertisements , though , try to exaggerate the real features of a product , making it seem much better than it really is . Even if of course I ca n't appreciate this behaviour by the advertising companies , I ca n't blame them because if they would tell just the truth they would have to do huge investments to fill the gap between what they used to advertise and what their product really is or they would lose against their concurrents . This would stress also the workers , as they would probably lose their job or get less money than before . The problem is that the global system is now based upon this assumption , and changing this incorrect behaviour would need a global correction of the values of concurrency . But these behaviour is well established and so it 's due to the consumer to choose the right products , and not to buy the ones made by companies who just invest in advertising without selling good quality products . There is nothing we can do besides using our freedom of choice in the best way . There is a moment when this behaviour by companies and corporations is nearly criminal and they have to be pursued legally . If a company sells a product that is toxic , unhealthy or if there is a lie in the advertisement , that company has to take its responsability about it in front on a tribunal . For example , I know that sometimes the water that comes from the home sink , that we use and drink every day , is said to be pure in big advertisements around the city . But the laboratory tests have been made in the valley , before the water passes through all the pipes full of rusts in the city . This is an example of a lie told by the State itself . What can a citizen do ? I drink water in bottles , even if I 'm not sure that my one is etter than the other one . We ca n't be sure about anything regarding what 's advertised about commercial products , but it 's important to keep our eyes open and try to choose the one we think is the best , maybe helping with our buying power those products that claim themselves to be natural and that do n't do too much advertising .
(TEL,high) Community development is one thing that the young people normally assosiate themselves with these days . By saying this statement i tend to disagree with the notion that young people dont give enough time for their communities . All the young people of todays world are very well educated and well versed with all the happenings in todays world . They spare a lot of time for the upliftment of their communities whether it be a religional community or a regional one . I t does make a huge amount of difference for them what it might be , they normally belive in the concept of returning the favours the community has given them . This I totally believe in . One thing i would like to mention here is `` Returning to the Roots '' . This is something which we keep hearing all round these days , how would this notion be so excessively used if young people would not have spared time for their respective communities . There are a lot of people who pursue their education abroad , work their for a couple of years and then come back to their natives and help or serve their community . How many industralists have we seen who have studied in the finest colleges of the world and have come back and started their own industries in their natives . Another thing which comes to mind is that people who haved a certain postion in their lives have come back to their roots and worked for the upliftment of their community . The best example i would like to give is of Martin Luther King though a long time ago , worked for the upliftment of his community after attaining a substantial position in his life . His credentials speak for himself and such is his aura that people of his community still treat him as a demi-god . Mr.J.R.D Tata , one of the most renowned people in the field of Aviation was educated in one of the best universties of the world but he came back to India and served his people by building industries in his native place . There are many examples of people who have come back and served their community . There are various multi national companies who extensively indulge in helping people of certain communities . I am sure that there would be a large number of young people involved in such kind of noble deeds . One more thing i would like to state is that most of the ministers who have been elected as representatives of their communties , would mostly help out their kinsman and their communities first rather than thinking about others . I guess most of the ministers these days are well educated youngsters who have a zeal to work for their communities . Returning to the Roots which was mentioned previously , explains the plight of the indutrialists who more often than not concentrate on setting up an industry in their native place thereby providng job oppurtunities to people of his community . I therefore strongly disagree to the view that Youngsters do not give enough time to their communties and i believe and hope that most of the youngsters would support my view by supporting their respective communities .
(TEL,medium) I agree to the following statement , that ` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ' . Many companies produce goods and market them to the fields by marketing them or advertising them through T.V shows , advertisements etc . Any products in this world must meet the ISO ( International Standard Organisation ) standards in their value and quality . One can know about the product by watching the advertisements or the hoardings available . The Marketing producers maintains the ads in such a way that , any people can easily get impressed to that product and buy that . They show high standards in marketing them rather than in maintaining the quality . For example take a simple product like a baby milk powder , the current and present ad will be in such a way that , it shows as if a baby can become super man by drinking it . No body needs his/her child to become a superman , they only want the minimum health needs for their baby to grow . The ads will only impress the children to get attracted to it . Another example for this type is the production of bathing soaps , the marketing members will make the ad for the bathing soaps so impressively by keeping celebrity for that ad . So that all the young and youth girls become desperete towards the soap thinking that they are the celebrity . Every one knows that by using that soap an ordinary girl cannot become an celebrity , every one knows it , even the production people knew it . Yet they are making it . Am not saying that the advertisements are wrong , its there wish to make or not , my opinion is to maintian the standards in there products , as many people trust them by going through the ad . As huge amount have being placing for a product on their advertisements , they have to keep an equal and energetic intrest on their quality too .
(SPA,medium) In my oppinion i agree with the idea of understand the ideas and concepts than learn the facts and this is because in order for a student to apply what he has seen in class to real work , is better to understand the concepts and ideas so he can convert to the best for the work . Some of the reasons , first if a student can understand and idea he will be able to apply what he just notice ( learned ) in another way or situation , like when a `` painting student '' just learned that the colors could be mixed to form some others new colors , and the profesor explained so well which types of tones can be mixed with others , and he will experiment all what he understand of this class . But in the other hand , if the student had learn the fact that colors could be mixed , like red with blue give the result of purple , we identify that the person will have the idea and absollutly the knowlegde of every color , but he did n't understand the real meaning of the objective of the class . The second reason is since every person can transform the informacion in diferent ways and for some people can be easy to understand new subjects in the class , like the `` history of Mexico '' all the concepts , what happened in the past , but definitly that understand it , get the main idea with their own words , will be able to remember it in the future years . And on the contrast a person who learned the `` HISTORY '' , is not a very good resource for teaching some other classmates , because is closed to explaind with their own words what they learn , as an example Its me , i can not remember the History complete , due a memorizing moment in order to learn by that time . So , basically it is important in any school to encourage the students to understand very good the main points of every lesson learned , so the will be able to apply this in a future with their own understanding of the concept the teacher wanted to explain .
(JPN,low) I disagree . Because if there is a guide , I cannt go where I want to go . And the group travel will be tight schedule . I want to relax at the travel place . Certainly , the tour guide teach us many infomation during sightseeing and compose the travel plan and it is very confortable for me . But to compose the travel plan by myself is a part of intrast of the travel . I sometimes travel with my friend or alone , then I always think no nessesary for tour guide . Because when I see a travel group led by a tour guide always look so busy . I think something do by yourself is very important for the person 's life . To plan the tra
(JPN,medium) I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Why I agree with the statement is because , when I watch TV , I can see a lot of advertisement for good things , and when I see things from advertisements at store , it does no look quiet same as that of advertisement . I like to watch TV , so I often watch a lot of advertisements on TV . I have some experiences that I wanted to get things from that of advertisement . When I was elementary school student , I saw an advertisement for a electoric staffed animal which can walk . Then I really liked that staffed animal at a grance . It looked so cute and can be walked very well . Since I really wanted to get that staffed animal , I asked my mother to get it for me . When I used the stuffed animal it did not walk like that of advertisement . I was so sad . I think wy most adversisements make products seem much better than they really are iss because , they want to convince a lot of people to but their products . Even though they can get more money thanks to thier advertisements , they are not saying true . So I think it is not a good idia . Also because of the advertisements that makes products seem much better than they really are , they can lose custommers ' trusts . It 's very bad for them . In addition to losing costomers 's trusts , now I think a lot of people realized that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . If so , these advertisenents can be lost thier purpose of their advertisement . I think it is very important for most advertisements who make products seem much better than they really are to realize costommers ' mind , and make advertisements that can be trusted by a lot of costommers .
(CHI,medium) I agree that most advertisements really make products seem much better than the products really are , and that is why people make the advertisements for their products because they want to sell them for money . Businessmen do not care about other people ' right , only things they just wanted is money , money , and money . Athough some products which are made by famous companies are actually pretty great , but most of product are not as well as the adertisements shown . I still remember when I was a child , I saw a very cool advertisement of a toy , but my parents told me I should not buy that because the real thing is impossible as well as the advertisement said . I disagreed with them and finally bought the toy which I wanted at that time . After I got home , I was so exciting and opend it without taking off my shoes , and I found out I was wrong . It was the worst toy I had ever seen before . I felt so sad . I was crying for whole night . After that time , I do not believe those beautiful advertisements . I think it realy dishonst for people who bought these products . The businessmen make the advertisements which are too different from the real things . It is fine for me if there is only a little different between the products and advertisements . But sadlly most of advertisements for the products are too `` wonderful '' which make me think it is impossible to be . I realy hate those advertisements , but that is how the things work , I could not change that . I think in the furture there will still be a lot of people buy those amazing products , and they would understand and learn a new lession , `` do not trust those dadvertisements anymore . ''
(KOR,medium) Nowadays , people are having busy time for doing their stuffs and they merely go for looking in front of them . Even though some people are volunteering for the social communities . However , I think lots of people does n't care about the people who live with us . So , I agree with the statement that young generation does not have much time to help their communities . Those are following reasons why I am consider like that . First of all , the technological environment has been developed and it causes people to think themselves than society . Abundant of technologies are invented in modern days such as television , computer , and telephone , etc . It developed the culture in the country where we live in now , and people can have more fun with bunches of machines . Therefore , we do n't have to think that having fun with comunicating with other groups . So , it makes young people to do not care about helping problems in society . Also , young generations are more excited about constructing their own life . They are more satisfied with achiving their goal for making their life successful . For example , some young adults are really interested about getting job for future . However , they are not care about helping the old people or disabled people . It happened frequently in the public transportation . The young people just ignore the old people who could n't find the space for sitting down . The young generations are only think where they will arrive . Finally , it causes the isolation of old generation . They been found the place to take a rest , but it is not easy . To sum up , for advancing the field of technology presessed young adults and it makes people who just persuing the goals without considerating other people . In conclusion , I proclaim that young people should start to concern about other people who lives in dark side in this world .
(CHI,high) Yes , I believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Tour guides are often more experienced and more familiar with the place of travel and they can show us the speciality about that place . Travelling in a group alone or with friends in a foreign country without a tour guide is like getting lost in a maze . We wouldn not know how to communicate with local people , how to buy things and even get the food we want . Also , it might be hard to travel to the landmarks without understanding the way transportation works in that particular country . On the other hand , if we have a tour guide with us , he would probably have some connections with the travel agencies and it would be easier to communicate with local people and also bring us to the local attractions that we want to see without any problems . Tour guides are meant to be hired for people travelling in foreign countries and need a person to guide or lead them . Tour guides are professionally trained and experienced with the country they are guiding in . They are often from that particular country and they know how to speak the local language and they understand how things work , so that you would feel more comfortable and would trust them as being your leader . Although you might not get to do certain things that you had in mind , when travelling in a group with a tour guide , you would definitely have a great time and it would be the best , and the safest way to travel . With a tour guide , you get to experience or see the local life styles , local food , and local attractions , much more easier than travelling by yourself blindly , not knowing where exactly you are yourself . In conclusion , in my opinion , the best way to travel is indeed in a group led by a tour guide as you get to experience a wider range or varieties of sight-seeing places without getting lost and to experience different sorts of local culture .
(ITA,medium) A studend must be continuosly feeded with learnings and theory principally , then of course there is good time also for practicing his studies but first theory must come . Since the definition of student is coming fro the verb '' to study '' i think it wo n't be a great deal to make them learn the practice before they know how to apply the practice itself , it could result a mere misuse and no more . Theory must be the basis first , especially for students that are supposed not having any experience in real life yet , an engineer must to know how to design and project a bridge before buid it otherwise many people will be in danger . For sure what it makes the differences today is not '' to do '' but '' how to do '' and you will learn how only by studying different projects and comparing them with other people who gained such a good preparation like you . I not saying that learning facts are not important in students careers infact once they will understand the ideas then they will start to apply those concepts but since the beginning of student career they really need to assimilate more ideas that they can even support , as much as possible i mean . These issue of course could vary depending on which faculty the student applys for . Obviously , Math or phsicology faculties teach more about ideas than facts while in engineering or economics the students will study more practical cases but the main idea remains the same and is that students are made first to learn theory in order to apply it succesfully in a more profitable way .
(ARA,medium) Advertissment is on of the most important ways for the companies to improve their benifets , and to sell more and more products . regardeless if it 's TV advertisment or radio , or Internet , it must be intresting and remarkable for the audience in order to do his job . Unfortunately some companies goes too far and make their products appear much better than they really are , which makes the consumer upset after he buy the product . I still remeber many toys and devices i bought when i was young , actually i forced my parents to buy , because it was really amazing on the screen , but i was really shocked , bacause it was diffrent from what i 've seen in the advertisement . Why do they do that ? I think because of the strong competition with the other companies , they have no choice . They must make their product look perfect as much as they can , otherwise , no one will buy it , specially with the kids stuff . The child does n't have the ability to analyse the advertisment and figure out if it 's real or not , unlike the mature . I think the caompanies found their selves in this situation , and they hardly can change it , because of simple reason . The customer does n't help them to change it ! Imagine your self watching a reasnoble advertisment , showing the advantages and the disadvantages of the product , will you be intrested in it ? or will you think this way : if they could n't hide the disadvantages in the advertisement they made by themselves , how can i trust their product ? Advertisment now is a very big business . Huge companies work in this field , it 's not easy to change this industry in order to have simple , honest , reasnoble advertisement , unless we work really hard .
(CHI,medium) I disagree about , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , because learn facts are more interesting , students can get more information when they are learing facts , and students can also understand the ideas form fascts . When student are learning something , they usually very easy to get brod , that is more fun if teacher talk about facts . such as a history class , if the teacher just talk about the years and what issues happened in the year , stduents do not formilier with it , and the teacher talk about some stories about thoes issues , students will pay atention to the fun stories . Students need to learn many information everyday , and learn facts could get many information from it . If a teacher show a fact about law , students may learn about many other knowlege , like math , different people . Students learn fascts is not just for fun , is also can get the ideas when they are learning . When a teacher are talking a story , students are still thinking about it , like which is de bad porsen , which is the good thing to do , and so on . I think learn facts are more important .
(HIN,high) A true learning is one where the students are clear with basic ideas and concept of the problem . This the way by which they can solve many problems without complexities involved in it . Though , fact about the perticular topic is important to know and it forms an important element , without which learning is incomplete but understanding the ideas and concept are equally required . for example , a child wants to learn about how to solve a mathematical problem like addition or substraction . Then it is very important that he knows the concept of the problem . It is important for him to identify where he has to add up and where he has to substract . This will help him out to solve similar kind of problem in future , only becuase the ideas and the concepts are clear to him . Further , we can learn the facts only by making inferences and drawing conclusions which involves the complete understanding of ideas . only then it will be possible to reach to a conclusion and eventually to learn about the fact . For example this is the fact that earth is the only planet where life exists . The main ideas and reasons behind it are becuase of the favourable atmosphere , presence of oxygen , earths distance from the sun etc.these things helps us to make a conclusion about existence of life on earth . Which is the fact . In other words , the concept of a model which was suggested by a scientist with sun at the centre in the planet system , one can give reasons and explain the fact that earth is locatedat a perticular distance . so , what is more important is , to first have a basic idea about a concept and then learn the fact which is associated to it . This is the way any problem can be solved with better understanding and improved learning ability .
(HIN,high) Advertisements , The Truth or False Exaggerations Nowadays advertisements make products seem perfect and without any flaws . But do these advertiements actually show the product 's true quality and worth ? Recently I saw an andvertisement of a soap product that said that the soap would kill millions more bacteria and germs as compared to other soap products when used . It stated that it contains certain chemicals , which had long and very `` flashy '' names . Howewer this was not an exact detail , as even sunlight can destroy millions of germs and bacteria . Later out of curiosity I checked the ingredients on the wrapper , And I saw that the ingredients were actually the same in almost every soap product of the similar type . Another example is present within a soft drink company in India . Several official reports stated that the product contained alarmingly high levels of pesticides , while the company continued to broadcast an advertisement which said that the drink had 0 % pesticides and was perfectly safe for human consumption . Another advertisement was once brodcasted about a stock market fund . It stated almost nothing about the risks involved in the investment , but only a very fine print at the bottom saying `` this investment is subject to market risks , please read the offer document carefully before investing '' . The only thing it showed was celebrities saying that they would invest in the fund as they felt it right . This is only a few of of many examples that a lot of people experience . The truth is that the producers or the advertising Co. only want their product to be sold , irrespective of the truth about the product Howewer this does no mean that all advertisements lie about their products . Certain advertisements not only state the plus points about their products , but also the negative things , such as side effects , risks etc . To conclude it can be said that , in the end it only depends on the consumer 's judgement to choose the product wisely and not fall for the exaggerations made by advertisements .
(CHI,high) I do agree with the statement that `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' . There are four reasons show that it is benifitial to travel in a tour group . First of all , it is much more safer to travel as a group than by one ' self . Especially when people want to travel in different country , it is possible for them to get lost or get in troubles . If they travel in a group , since people can take care and protect each other , the opportunities of getting lost or even get ripped is very small which keep them having a wonderful trip . Secondly , when travel in a strange country , there are too many things needed to be considered . Sometimes , it will be exceedingly confused for people to figure out which way to go , what bus to take or even where to live . For example , once I went to the capital of China , BeiJing with my parents , it should be a wonderful trip for us , since we had no much time to get together . However , it took us almost the whole day to find a hotel to stay over night which we wasted time and energy . Eventually , the trip was ended in a unhappy mood and everyone was so tried to even look around . Threrefore , travel in a group and having a tour guide can make the trip more efficient and easy . Thirdly , sometimes due to the misunderstanding of different culture , people who do not fimiliar about that culture may make mistakes . In addition , the mistakes can be very seriours that tourists may cause accident or hurt . However , having a tour guide can give tourists the best and most accurate suggestions and warns which provide them avoid making unnecessary mistakes . Lastly , the tour guide always know the best place to shopping of presents for friends or tourists themselves . Usually , tour guides will set up a day or particular time for shopping , since it is not only about shopping , it is also about the culture in that country or city . However , if people travel alone , they probobly may not find the cheapest and the best to shop . In conlustion , I think travel in a group led by a tour guide is a bright idea for saving money and energy , keeping themselves safe and having the most efficient and wonderful trip .
(ITA,medium) Yes , I agree with the sentence because the most of advertisments are false and they induce people to buy them when their quality is very low . The producers should think less to the sales than to the wealth of the people that will buy the product for example , if the product is food . The advertisement ought to be more strictly to the reality to show to the watchers the real characteristics of the each product . In this way a citizen can choose the best . In my opinion , all the producters will make their thinks better and all the words said in an adverstising space will be perceived and listened better . By the way I considered the advertising spaces a lost of time and I do n't listen them because , according to me , they are all make to seem what they are n't . Unfortunately , in my life , I have bought a lot of products that seemed much better than they really were , but after one purchase I did n't bought them another time . Instead , if the advertisments were real and described exactly what they show , people would believed in them yet . So , in conclusion , all of us have to try to show the truth of every thing because it is the best way to make the other trust us .
(JPN,medium) I disagree with this idea because I do not think ideas and concepts are more important than the facts . There are three reasons to support my opinion . First , concepts and ideas are only needed to be well on their school . Student have to understand the concept and idea to solve questions on their test . But I do not think it is `` learnig '' . Acutually , it is `` memorising '' . Second , facts are the most important things in this world . No one can deny any facts and break it . We have to know the facts to be well on our sosiety . If students understand only concepts or facts , they will be confused finaly . Third , not only student also adults have to understand facts to understand it 's concepts and ideas . In my opinion , nobody can understand completely the concepts and ideas without the facts . That 's why they have to understand the facts first . A lot of students are learning only concepts and ideas to be well on their school . By this education , they cannot solve any irreguler questions even if it is using same idea as what they could solve before . Because they do not know the fact for the problem that 's why they cannot enhance their knowledge . Those students would be wondered that why they are using those concepts and ideas to solve their problems after they started to work on their major corces . I think , people have to know the fact first to study what they interested in . When I study something new for me , I am always wondered that why we are using this idea and how it is used to solve problems in acutual situations . To solve these questions , we have to know the fact for the satatement . From my opinion , I think the facts are more important than the concepts and ideas to solve our question or study what we are interested . That 's why I disagree with the statement .
(TUR,high) Do successful people try new things or do what they already know how to do well ? I think successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks because a person can realize their abilities , meet luck or find the suitable choice after trying a few different things in life . First of all a person needs to try things in order to realize their abilities . For example , I learned how to play the piano when I was in third grade . I was playing it well but of course , I was n't a virtuoso . Taking a risk that I might be unsuccessful , I decided to start painting last year , and I saw that I was more talented in painting . Actually , now I am quite successful that think I will study design in the future , but if I did n't take the risk , I would 've lose my chance to realize my talent . Therefore , I believe that a person should take risks in order to explore himself/herself . On the other hand , a person can meet their luck trying to find the best for themselves . For example when you decide to do something new like starting a new job your chance of being successful is equal to your chance of failing . As a conclusion , it is always worth trying . For another instance , you have the chance of winning the lottery when you play it , but if you do n't , you ca n't win anthing . I think you should take the risk of losing . Last but not least , you can only find the suitable choice for you after a couple of trials . For example my aunt was a tailor , but she wanted to open a restaurant . In spite of the discouraging thoughts of our relatives , she opened the restaurant , and now she earns better than she did when she was a tailor . So , she was successful with her new choice . The same idea can exist whan a parson needs to choose a school . You can always try one considering the chance of being sucessful and if you do n't like it , you should have the courage to take the risk of quiting it . Because you might be more successful in another . People should try new things in their lives in order to find the most suitable for themselves . Successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks . People should always take risks to be successful .
(GER,medium) Although some people think that young people enjoy life more than older people do , I do not agree with that . There are three reasons for me to get this opinion . First , older people have much more experience than younger people because they are simply older . For example , when younger people make holidays in cities they are often more interested in making party than to get to know more about the city and its cultural life . Old people spend more of their time by learning something about the place where they make holidays . I think that older people see much more of a city when visiting it than younger people do because for me it is important to learn about the cultural life of the place where you in . Furthermore , old people have much more time than younger people because they have seen much more in their life . In contrast , younger people are often interested in seeing much in a short period of time because in their view they have not seen enough yet . For instance , in most cases older people take much more time when they visit a museum than younger people do . Last , often old people have saved a lot of money while their time as employee . They have much more money to spend and they have not to attach importance on how to spend their money . In contrast , the younger people are at the beginning of their time as employee and so they have not earned much money that they could save yet . So they are not able to waste their money as old people can . In conclusion , this are the three reasons why I disagree with the statement .
(TUR,low) Day by day the world getting global the people thoughts getting common This good development bring same bad behaviour to the people One of this behaviour is being selfish wh'ch mostly appears on young people Nowadays it can be seen on the young people life style They see the life not just for living in a safe and sound they want to earn much money the good skills and the comfortable conditions / And by making this life advantages they are forgetting to the importance of the being social They spent all the time to going around and for resting or samething which is not useful for the public They are getting used to living just for themselves They never thing about their responsibilities for the social life Maybe the life push them to that way They learn from their history to be more social and helpful but the nowadays adults don not show them how to react and what are the tasks for the being a fertile They pushed from adults living just for their future just to earn money and educate themselves very well and after these they have no time left to help their
(ITA,high) The knowledge is something extremely important in our job , mostly in mine . I 'm a marine biologist and of course in all the scientific matters is useful to have knowledge on different fields . So at first glance i would respond saying that it 's better to gather informations and knowledges as much as we can in a widespreadly manner . But we have to do it in the right way , due to the fact that too much time spent on gathering informations could be time wasted . To give a good example that can back me up i want to talk about my personal experience . I 'm actually working on sounds produced by dolphins . This particular field research is not completely based on exclusively biological knowledges . In fact i firstly had to understand some physical laws about sound waves and how they propagate in the water . Once i have been trained about these informations i started to work on signals . Ashes to ashes i have been remained focused on the bioacustic of dolphins , so it could seem that i have been stuck on a specific subject . But it 's not like that . Indeed most of the time the acoustical behaviour of an animal cannot been explained just with the simply studying of bioacustic and physics , but it have to be put together with ethological studyes that most of the time are based on several different fields of knowledge . Thus i really think that it 's better to open our mind and study at 360 degree . But as i already mentioned we have to stay focused on what we are really searching for . The field of human knowledge is huge and sometimes even a good researcher can get lost in its vastity . This is the reason why most of the time i have to work with engineers and technicians that have the skill to use computer programs that can easily help us to analyze the signals that we recorded from dolphins . In a kind of way we both are important for each other , because , even if we seem to be specialized in doing something in particular , we help each other and we try to understand what is the job of the other . I think this is the best methode to share and gain knowledge of different subject . After all these years of working in this team i have gained knowledge on softwares and technical tools , and hydrophones . But i think that i could n't take all these informations just working on my own , or at least it would required me a lot of time . So for these reasons i really believe that it 's important to have a broad knowledge on different subjects , instead of being focused on just one , because sometime the answer that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that can seems not related to our purpose . To give another example , once the engineer i 'm working with founded a vocalization very strange . The signal was totally different from others and he did n't know how to expalin . Then he came to me and for me it was easy to explain . The signal was emitted by a calf and certainly it was different from the other member of the herd . But this is something that a biologist know , not an engineer . But know he knows how to recognize this signal , because he had broad his knowledge .
(ARA,medium) Advertisments are a good way to sell products . In fact , they can make products look much better than they realy are . Therefore , they can make them look in different size and more beutiful . First , tricking customers eyes is a realy good way to get more money . First , you can make your product smaller or bigger than it is just to make it in the desired look poeple want . For example , I remember a TV show that was unnouncing to win a sport car if anyone ansewrs the quistion showed on the screen . However , the quistion was so easy that I was going to call them . I saw alot of people calling them ; in fact , the TV show got alot of money from the people calling it . A person won the sport car , finally , and he was so happy . However , the funny thing is that the car was a really small car . Actually , it was a kid car toy . Therefore , they showed the car , and everyone thought that it was a real car with a real engine , but that tricked everbody even me . I think that this a smart way for marketting products . Second , advertisments makes the producets looks more nice and beutifull . In fact , they are using proffisional and careful workers who can handle the product without making any mistake that let the people notice any disadavtage of it . For instant , i saw a knife advertisment . The knife seemd so sharp . that was just because of the careful workers . however , when i tried the knife in my home i broke it . In brief , advertisments makes changes the product size and making it more useful . I think that it is not a crime because companies do not say any lie or show any different product . They are just giving adantages of their product ignoring disadvantages .
(ARA,medium) Everyone in this life like to be a successful person , but it is not easy to be a successful . To be a successful persons you should have many charicristic that it could help you . And I agree that the person who wants to be successed he should be a risky perosn and should not be worried about some easy thing that could be solved . I agree with this for reasons . firstly , if the persons stood and wiaited for people to do every thing for him , he would not be a successful persons . There are alot of people who are like that , I will give an example of many people that I can see them in my daily life . The example is that one of my best friend who wants to be a successful Medical Doctor , he is eightteen years old and he has only one promblem that is facing him and this problem is haveing a good grade in TOEFL to be accepet in the university , even this is his only problem , he is not working and practicing to have the wanted grade . The second reasons that make me agree with this statement is the richest man in the world , the microsoft owner . He put an imposible goal that could be reached . He put a risky goal to work on it , 30 years ago the put . His goal was to make every house in the world haveing a computer , and he successed in his goal . How did he success ? It was not an easy goal , he start his dream with his friend by having a small company that make a computer softwear . He was thinking what is the helpful computer programms that could the humanity to be better . And he could to reach his goal to have a computer in every house in the world , beacuse of it is great programms , like the internet explorer that make the conection between all the people in the world very easy and make them feeling that the world is a small village .
(TEL,high) I do agree that there will be fewer cars twenty years from now because of quite a few reasons . The population is incresinng rapidly , fossils fuels will soon be exhausted , pollution levels are increasing at an alarming rate - this could be a threat to humanity if it continues , recycling all the car waste is already a big issue and there are many more reasons for why cars would be less used later on . These days population is growing rapidly so are the number of cars . This could prove fatal to humankind as burning of fossil fuels cause tremendous amounts of air pollution leading to global warming . so , it would be better to use the public transport , or actually have a car pool . With the growing technology , we could also make cost effective cars that use solar power to run , hence reducing the problem of air pollution . Fewer cars could be a reason because of the exhaustion of fossil fuels too . This is sure to happen because of the high rate of consumption of these fuels . So , with no other alternative , it is human tendency to discover another source of energy , which looks like a probable event . The awareness of the harms caused by different types of problems caused by usage of automobiles is spreading like a fire . So , a time is soon to come when people are going to realise and take descions to control all the disastrous effects caused due to careless usage of automobiles People will probably cycle to close destinations , use the metros to commute between their homes and offices , walk down to the nearby store instead of driving to that place , take a local bus to travel in their city , use electric or solar powered cars which would actually prove to be cheaper as they run on non-exhaustible resources thereby reducing the number of cars . Finally , i just hope that we become wiser , reduce the usage of cars , do whatever it takes to save earth from all the dangerous threats it faces today and make our world a better place to live in . After all , it was we who have ruined it , so lets come together and strive hard to make it a safe place .
(TUR,medium) I agree with this statement because a succesful person must be imaginative . This person has to take risks and must have a proffesional way of solving problems . But the other type of person , who only solves problems with classic types , can not achieve in life because that person is narrow minded . In addition to this , the radical movements that a succesful person has made will open the doors of achievement . The ability to create is the same meaning to try new things . By this abilities , a person can absolutely do such things that no one has ever able to .
(TEL,high) We are dealing with the issue of whether it is more important for the students to learn facts or is it more relevant to understand the ideas and concepts behind them . The issue is important because it is very essential to keep this requirement in mind when teaching the students . I personally feel that learning concepts and ideas is definitely more required than memorizing the facts . The first reason i would like to present for this belief is that facts can be obtained from a various variety of resources like books , internet or any other knowledge center whereas the ideas and concepts are not that simple to obtain . They require considerable effort and time both to teach and assimilate and they are compulsory for the better understanding of a topic . They are much difficult to unlearn for a long period of time and hence are more useful and play a much important role in every person 's life . Secondly , the students need to be provided with practical knowledge on how to survive in the world after they cross a certain age limit and they do not have their parents ' support and constant guidance . They will have to fend for themeslves for which they will need logic and concepts more than facts . Therefore , these should be provided without fail to all students . Finally , if the students are provided with more number of facts then they are prone to forget them easily as they shall not be able to apply them to real-world situations . The concepts provided to them will have numerous examples that can be cited and hence this form of education is likely to be retained by them for longer periods of timeor most probably will last them an entire lifetime . To conlude and summarize , i feel that providing a student with education based on logical reasoning and facts is benificial than just helping them to learn facts as this will make them independent and will help them in every aspect of their life and will be with them for their entire period of their life unlike facts .
(FRE,high) The use of cars today is almost `` automatic '' in our society . Most households have at least one vehicle and people use their car for any purpose , from major trips to going to pick up groceries down the street . However , the use of cars is being threatened by the lack of oil the world will be facing soon . On the other hand , the use of car threatens our environment , contributing to the pollution of our atmosphere and to global warming . What will the consequences be in twenty years ? Will there be fewer cars or just higher pollution ? What solutions will we find ? So many questions to answer , so little time , and so much of our everyday life and comfort affected ... I think that our society , in order to be able to have the many cars we have today , will need to find solutions to our biggest problems . First of all , we are already facing the problem of the decreasing amount of oil leading to the price explosion of gasoline . Exploiting oil becomes more and more expensive and rare , and it is starting to affect everyone who owns a car . Any trip or use of the vehicle becomes pricy , and as a result , more and more people consider using public transportation . I think this will eventually lead people to a better understanding of what the society as a whole can do : if there are fewer cars , it reduces the pollution and helps the environment . From an individual point of view , using public transit will become cheaper as gasoline prices will go up . For those reasons , and because I want to be optimistic , I think there will be fewer cars in twenty years . People will realise how much money owning a car represents and most households will simply not be able to afford it . Nonetheless , if governements and innovative corporations start to work hands in hands , solutions to find better environment-friendly resources to replace gasoline will appear . As a result , people will be able to buy vehicles that work with elecricity or natural gas , and will be able to keep using their private means of transportation . In this case , we will tend to see more cars than today , as the world population tends to grow . Some solutions have already started to show up and enable us to keep confidence in the future . However , I do believe that we are reaching the highest point of consumption today . I doubt there will be more cars in the future , and I really hope people will consider public transportation as a great alternative , for the sake of everybody as well as for the preservation of our environment .
(JPN,high) I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . One particular example is what I am currently observing in my community . I live in a residential area with my family which is close to Shinjuku , a sort of entertaining center of Tokyo . A month ago , the plan to build a huge studio-type apartment complex next to my place was revealed . This new apartment is mainly targeting to people without family who work and study in Shinjuku . As the area is very close to the entertaining area , it is much assumed that many of those who work as hosts and hostesses at bars may live in the apartment . Then , the big dispute occured and many people living in the community started to organize a movement to oppose to this plan . They say that this apartment will greatly damage the living condition of the people in the community . They meet regularly , prepare posters and friers and consult with local politicians and lawyers in order to figure out how to stop the plan . However , none of the young people living there , including me , have not joined or even helped this community-wide opposition movement . People who have been actively involved are those who are over 60s . Given this personal experience , I wonder why young people nowadays are not eager to help their communities . First , I think young people have less attachment to the communities they live in . For example , I know I will live at a different place when I have a job somewhere else . For young people , communities are not permanent , while for older people communities are where they live until they die . Second , I believe that young people simply do not have enough time to help their communities . They work long hours and have various commitments to other `` communities '' they belong to , such as work place , schools , virtual space on the internet and friends . And they know that using their precious time on these `` communities '' can make their lives more exciting and interesting than they do so for their real communities . To sum up , I agree with the statement and I also think this is not something that we can easily change .
(GER,high) I defenitly agree that it is more important for students to unterstand the ideas and concepts they have to learn than just to learn facts . There are different reasons for my opinion and I will point out 3 of them . The first point , I want to mention is that it is easier to learn and remember things , when you understand what you learn . For example if you study without understanding the ideas there is the probability to fail in an exam because you are not able to reproduce the problem correctly and you can not be good in tests about transferring different information to a new point of view . So it is not very useful to learn facts by heart , it is more important to get the whole situation . Another point is that you should be able to connect diffferent information to understand the whole problem and I think this ability is not improved by learning single aspects of a problem . Facts can change but the main ideas , for example the theories of Milton Friedman will be true even in ten years . And you will need these thearies to understand different processes . My last and most important point is that you learn for life and not for school or university . That means that the lectures and texts in university are important and the knowledge which you should aquire are necessary to succed later in your job . University education prepares you for yours tasks later in your work life , but if you just learn stupid facts and do not use the offered knowledge , there is a high probability that you will fail . You must be able to solve a problem and I do not think that facts and figures will help you at your job . If you need facts in your job , you can use primary and secondary data , for example to launch a research , which will get you the facts you need . So all in all I prefer that students should learn complete thories and no single aspects . On the one hand that is more difficult but on the other hand you will aquire much more timeless knowledge
(GER,high) The question which is discussed in the following passage is wheter a broad knowledge of many acadmic subjects is superior to knowledge specialiesed in on specific subject . The idea to specialize in one activity is supported by the economic theory . The idea behind this theory is that the efficiency increases as we specialize in doing something . For example if we start playing an instrument we are getting better and beter the more we practice . The more we do something the better we can do it and the better we know which way it is done best . This theory can also be applied to education . A student who studied a subject longer and more intense than another is likely to know more about it . On the other hands side , there are also many advantages in having a broad knowledge . Everything that happens , no matter if it is a ecological , sociological or another issue is somehow linked to other academic field . A broad knowledge helps to see an issue in the whole context which is in my opinon very important . If you are running a business for example , it is important to be aware of the ecological effects you cause . If you would just concentrate on the economic side of this business and neglect other factors this could drawback on you in the future . For example think of fishermen who want to increase their profit by fishing more in one year . This behaviour could cause that in the following years there are to few fishes . Another advantage i see , is that it is easier to communicate with other people if you have some idea of his main interest . A broad knowledge can also be an inspiration . You can adapt ideas from other subjects . I personally prefer a broad knowledge because I like to undestand many aspects of one problem . I see a lot of chances in it because of the interaction between the different subject . But I also undestand if someone prefers to focus on on subject .
(KOR,medium) I agree about this topic . Most people want to acheive what they are doing . And they do n't satisfy about that . They continue to try new things and they wants more things . For example , in my country we have `` Samsung '' company . And it is biggest company in my country . They are trying a lot of things even they are the biggest campany in the country . Today another countries use samsung compant too . This campany is already international company . But , they are continue trying for another things . I think this become to be biggest company . If people already got a successful life , so they stop what are they doing . Then another people will break things and be higher . For example , I know a one preson like this case . He regent about things . And trying to be a better life . But it is hard to built that he made . Everybody have to try new things , and do hard about what they have . I think people have to be more polite when they have a successful life . And have to work hard . Human do n't satisfy about one things . In my case I do n't satisfy one thing that I did successfuly . I find new things and I want to achieve that successfully . Even the animals do something successfully they find another things to do . And they wants better life than before . Everybody in the world wants successful life and they wil continue to try new things . For this reason we are living better life than before . If they did n't try new things , than our life will not be different 200 years ago and now . Therfor , in my opinion I agree about this topic . And I will also continue to try new things .
(TEL,high) I agree to the statement `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' . In the recent age due to technological advancements many are interested to make their own future better . In a world of competition the youth is racing towards the improvement of their own skills and they are not bothering about the sorroundings and their community . I feel that `` Serving people is serving God '' I feel if we spend atleast an hour of our daily life in serving the community and if everyone do that , the nation will certainly achieve its plans and become the leading of any other in the world . `` Todays students are tomorrow 's citizens '' . If we serve our community it is indirectly serving ourselves because we are laying the foundations of the future part of our life . For example , take a student of age 20 . He must be having many works , enjoying with his friends , partying every night and lots more . He can do a lot of work at this age . And even if he spends a 1/10 th of his time in enjoying to the communal development that would be great of his part . Imagine the number of the youth . They must in lakhs and each of them spending 1/10 th of his time there can be lots and lots of work to be done . Even by doing all this they may improve their own skills and in the other way developing the nation . The political party leaders and other higher officials are already exhausted and can do a very little work and they may many problems regarding their families and many more tensions . But in the case of a student he has no tension , no problems and he can generate many more ideas than the older ones . He can work a lot more and can many works like helping others , providing the basic requirements to the needless and organising some functions to create awareness of the present world and how to tackle their own life in any situation . In this way they can do many other things which helps the society to move further . I have a concern that the youth may be busy with their own work . Because i myself practically face the experience . Even though i have some time to spend on others in helping them . I do agree that everyone have some difficulty or something other . But if he had an idea of offering himself to the community he shall surely do that anytime . Everyone is not aware of what the problems society is facing . We need to create awareness among them so that atleast 10 % of the youth would be useful which would help the society to develop further . I finally conclude that the present youth is not showing interest in such developing activities and there should be some programmes in order to create awareness which may be help the society itself develop to a higher level .
(KOR,high) There are different opinions regarding whether adolescents recent days do n't give enough time in helping their communities . Although it is true that there are a lot of examples of young people shown on television or mentioned on internet that gives a lot of helps to the community they are involved in , in my opinion teenagers do n't have enough time to give any hand to their communities as well as no wills to help the community . In this essay I will briefly give reasons supporting my opinion . Most of all , the adolescents nowadays are all confused and complicated in their communities as to the quickly changing society . What I mean by this is that , although some children may have thoughts to help their communities but that they are not capable as to the lack of time they have . Modern day requires students to spend more time in schools and also to go to institutions for extra work . Even for small young nursery kids and significantly more for the teenagers , their parents want more and more from their children . Some students suffer from masses of work due to school , institutions and sometimes private tutors . They do not have time to give support for their communities . Further more , as to this busy life they have they lose power to help their society . After spending a hard time in school . the institution , a private tutor and finishing their day with neverending home works on their desk , they will be absolutely exausted out by the end of the day . It is obvious for those students to feel less tempted and enthusiased in giving support for their communities . Moreover , young people in modern days are more likely to be selfish than those in the olden days . As I mentioned above their are lots of students who work extremely hard , some who prefer to work hard nd some who are forced to work hard . However in either way the competition among adolescents has increased dramtically . I am not saying that there was no competition at all before , but there were truelly less tension among friends and less silent fights among them . And the changes of this in the society had made the young people more selfish , less understanding , not caring of others in order to survive in this terrifying world , so they have this thinking that helping others will get them down from surviving in the world . In addition , the parents also gave a great impact on adolescents ' personality , characteristics and behaviours . In modern days a significantly increasing number of parents nearly obey their children . They do anything what their child asks and wants , and as to this children are more likely to turn out to be selfish and think that they are the best in the world and that they are not to give any help to other people but to be loved and helped from the others . As to the reasons I mentioned above , it is difficult for young people nowadays to give enough time to help their communities since they lack time and physical strength to support them and also changes in their personality as to the changes of the whole world and their outer effects such as parents . Therefore in my opinion it is not adolescents nowadays do not give a lot of amount to support to their own society .
(ARA,low) i am living in acommunity were every one want and needs to have a car , you can find that all teenagers count the days when they are going to reach the legal driving age just to have a car . the cars rate is already getting higher , because of the obsession of driving and showing off . in my country we have ; thank to god ; good incom , so every family would easily offer beying more than one car one for the father onther one for the mther , and onother two for the driving son and daughter ; therefore , we have lots of traffic concidering that it is a small country . there is statistical evidents that the rate of vighecils specially saloon cars is increasing ; for instance , in one of my college classes i had an assignment wich was about reviewing some statistics about the rate of car accidents in kuwait `` my country '' so i reviewed them with the group ; unfortunatlly , it turned out that the car accident rate has increased since the year 2000 to 2004 up to 70 % and the main reason is because of the number of cars that have been dramatically raising . from all what we are wetnessing these days with all what technology has been created , cars are still the most stable need of every one and technolog wont be easilly able to create some thing that drive our attention from cars . althought cars are very important , people are still missusing them .
(TUR,medium) Life is the best present for all people from god . Everbody use it in so many different ways , so many different places and inside completely different people . Also in every ages life become different too . However young people do n't enjoy life than the older people every time due to chracter of humans and believes of people . Chracter of human determine every detail of the human life . Some people can kill themselves im the spring of their life and some of them try to survive after a terrible accident and a few of them achieve incredible works after they are 70 . This is completely independent from the age . If a person is optimistic , if his or her family support him in his bad terms , in big troubles . If they have good friends to help them people enjoy life even after 100 years old ! Believes of people can also make difference in human life . Consider about a child . Whether his mother dead after a horriable accident , how can we explain this complicated situation to him . His life become a nightmare all over his he can not enjoy his life . However , if we explain everthing in religion side and we said him ` your mother is in the heaven now and she is happier than us` , everthing in his life make sense after that . Then he can enjoy his lkife forever . To sum up , Enjoying life is not about age , it is about character of people and human believes . The happiest person in the world could be 80 years old . Unfortunately , most of the people who killed themselves in the world are young people . If a person can not understand the meaning of life he can not enjoy anything but if a person is optimistic he can write love poems just only looking at the sun rising ! God bless us ...
(HIN,high) In my view , in twenty years the number of cars will increase tremendously . Many people believe cars to be more comfortable , and with the increase in their standard of living , in time more and more peple will be able to afford cars . Also , the banks and other financial institutions are helping people in many ways to buy new cars in easy installments . Firstly , I believe that a car has become a necessity for every family . Many people consider cars to be the most comfortable and safest way of travelling . They prefer to commute in cars , rather than using public transport etc . Morover , it has also , become a status symbol for school and college students and people in their early twenties . Everybody craves for a car , as soon as they get their driver 's license . The popularity of cars has increased tremendously . THerefore , I feel that in the coming years , the popularity of cars will definitely increase Secondly , the economies of various countries are growing tremendously . For example in our country , the per capita is increasingly continiusly , and is expected to grow even more in the years to come . This will result in better job prosects , increase in the wages , and improvement in standard of living . THus , as a result of this continious growth , more and more people will be able to afford cars . Therefore , many people , twenty years hence will be able to buy cars or themselves , resulting in the increase of cars . Finally , banking instituions are coming up with new schemes everyday in which people can buy cars in easy instalments THese insitutions are expected to bring better plans in the future which will help the the common man to buy these cars . This step will defenitely lead to the blooming of the car industry . Also , technology is improving at an extrmely fast pace . There might be a possibility that they might introduce new cars , which are cheaper and cost-effective . These cars will be aimed at the not so very rich people . Thus , the advancements in the years to come will defenitely aid in the growth of cars .
(JPN,medium) I disagree with the statement . I traveled around Canada by myself . It was a bus travel for a month . It was a great experience for me . I had a lot of chance to talk local people . I could go whereever I wanted to go . At the begining of the trip , I was nervouse about travering alone . Because I had never traveled alone even in Japan and I did not have much information about citys where I would go . Of course , I did not have any friends there . However , after a few days I became not feel lonly at all . I met and talked a lot of people . I was not alon at all . I had to ask people where I was on a map or how to get a hotel which I would stay the night . And also many people talked me where I would go or where I am from . Eveyone who I talked were very kind to me . Some of them drove me around their home town for me . They were real tour guides . They knew very well about their home town and I could tast their real life style . I remember nice people more than beautiful buildings . A town looks more beautiful when people who live there are nice . At a famouse spot , usually there are some tours which provied by local government or an organisation . They are good enough to get the information about the spot . When we travel with a group , we tend to talk the member of the group all the trip and we do not have time to talk with local people , which miss wonderful part of a trip . When we travel alone , we have to take a responsivirity for everything by ourselves , so we become more careful . Of couse , we have to make sure not to go around at night , to have our passport all the time and so on . From my experience , I think that we can feel a town more close , when we travel alone . So i disagree with the statement .
(CHI,high) Everytime , when we turn on TV or open megazines , there are always advertisements there . In order to catch customer 's eyes , the sellers do spend a lot of money to make their products looking better and even to give customors the wrong impression . First , the most common advertisements give people wrong impression is food advertisement . For example , the Burger King 's hamburgers are always bigger on TV and smaller in the stores . This is really disappointing thing when I decide to get a super big hamburger . Moreover , we never see hamburger advertisements tell customers exact how big a burger is . We never see a store says that we will see you a 5 x5x5 cm3 big hamburger . Thus , we all come happily with a hope to get a super big burger , but leave disappointedly . Second , the drug advertisements always try their best to delivery population a image of how fast and effect their medication , but lack of inforamtion regard to side effects . A very good example is the great drug , Viagra . When Viagra just came up the market , the drug company never mentioned that patients with coronary artery disease cannot take this medcation . The consequence of not telling the fully information was to put people in danger . Later , durg company added the addition information when it adversed Viagra . However , the strong image of rescure men 's sex life is far greater than the image of dying from heart attack when patients with coronary artery disease take the comnication of Viagra and their cardiac medication . Thus , drug advertisements always tend to lead the poluation to ignore the side effects . In summery , since we cannot avoid not to see these advertisements , we should have our own knowledage to make a decision how good a product really is and try to gain all information we need before taking a new medication .
(SPA,medium) Life is not merely breathing but experiencing the new adventures that every day brings . Energy and desire are the two main components young people experience when accomplishing their short or long term goals which keep them happier than grown-ups . Despite the common thought about retirement to enjoy life , recent studies show that 99 % of old people do not enjoy life like younger persons . The first group have got what they were looking in their lives : a family , a beautiful house , enough money in the bank , among other thinks . Besides , it is a shame that getting the retirement they do not have time to travel , to attent to some interesting things just because of health problems . They have to go and come to the doctor 's office spending their money in paying refills for their medical prescriptions . By contrast , younger people have energy , desire and many new goals to accomplish . Even though they seem to be very busy they are really happy because every day brings something exeptional to their lives and it has to do with their happiness . In conclusion , being younger means to have energy , desire to reach long term , short term goals which makes you enjoy life , more than older . To experience new things every day , that gives happiness and relief . Definitely it is more exciting that being old and having just a retirement and stop doing great and exciting things just because you got old and you already accomplished the mission you are here for .
(FRE,high) According to me , I think that it 's better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . It allows us to have knowledges in differents domains , to understand so many things and to posses all the basis in order to choose a specialization , in case of one . Firstly , I think that a broad knowledge of many academic subjects gives us a very wide range of informations . This range of informations permits us to become aware of a lot of things , subjects and topics . We can learn so many notions that it would be a pitty of not integrating various knowledges . Second , I think that there are a lot of things very intersetings in this world . Knowing thoses , allows us to understand the place and the world where we live in . It gives us a different perception of the life , not a focused one as if we are specialized in a particular subject , that could be a very deep one but not very large . Be this way of thinking we become more open-minded and our place in the society will be a result of that . And finally , by having broad knowledges of many academic subjects , a specialization will occur alone and naturally . We all have affinities for a specific domain , so by knowing a lot of things , one points will appear as more captivating than the others . This view demand more research than if we want to specialize us in one domain , but it also permit us to compare diferrents subjects and then choose the best one for us . To conclude , I would like to say that a wide broad knowledge of academics topics is decidely better than a specialization . We live only one time on earth , and knowing things in a hudge range of domain is a possibility that we have the benifits of . So , why being closed-minded and focused on one thing we suppose the best for us when there is too many fascinating things to know ?
(GER,high) Do young people really enjoy life more than older people do ? Generally spoken , probably not many would refute the statement , that younger people enjoy life more than the elder . This essay tries to come up with some theories about the reasons for this common oppinion . First of all , every old person happened to be young once . This means they probably partied , travelled , hang around with friends , laughed , joked , went to the public pool , and did everything else what ( young ) one would identify as `` enjoying life '' . As they became older , the preferences of `` enjoying '' changed continually . Maybe they founded a family and got children or the started a successful carrer . They surely had pleasure with this part of their lives as well . As they became old , they retired from their jobs and their children were young women and men themselves . Once again their side of view about `` enjoying life '' changed . They now have time to collect stamps , reading books , spending time with their grandchildren , and so on . One would say , they became wize and settled down . They look back on their lives and enjoy what they achieved . Of course these are examples of lucky and happy people . There are also many retired who sit all they in some pubs and get drunk . As well there are many young ones behaving rather `` boring '' compared to others . But these are rather the exceptions to the rule . These statements clearly point out that it is very difficult and probably not consistent to compare the joy of life between young and old . First , it is hard to find a possible definition of what `` enjoying life '' means . Second , there is an existence of a kind of conflict between the views of the generations themselves about the meaning of `` enjoying life '' . There is no way for a fair comparability between the joy of life of the two positions , old and young . Therefore I conclude with the statement that both young and old enjoy their lives equally strong , but in a very different way . While the young ones have an urge to express themselves and show their way of enjoying , the elder enjoy more for themselves , intristic and quiet .
(HIN,high) As the maxim stands `` Nothing succeeds like success '' , holds true in either case , whether an individual takes risk and becomes successful or he does not take risk and still turns out out to be successful . In my opinion , success is about taking risks and rather than only doing what they already know . Thus , I agree to the given statement . In my opinion people do become successful even when they adopt the old opinion but by doing that , ther are not the leaders in the society but followers . For example , a company X opened chain resturants and decided to franchise its resturants . The company X was successfull . Company Y decides to follow the the foot prints of Company X and did not try anything different . Company Y may be successful in the long run but may not a leader while as company X is a leader and other organisations will follow him . Same is true with the individuals . Secondly , by not taking risks , people always live in shells . They lack creativity to do some thing different and their potential as an individual is not absolutely harnassed . Take the example of director Steven Speilsberg . When he was working on his movie `` Titanic '' , most people though he was doing impossible and would not succeed . We all know what happened after that . Changes in any field are inevitable . An individual who is stuck to his old thoughts and do only that what he / she knows , may not respond in an optimum way when changes warrant different . The individual may not be able to cope to the changes and thus may turn out to be a failure . Last but not the least , the success involved in trying new things and taking risk is fast . An individual may be successful in trying only what they already know but it may involve lot of time . If the individual wants the output to be positive and quick , he may need to take risk at any stage of life . To conclude , risk taking ability is an essential quality of an individual to succeed . Howver , he or she should not get carried away with the amount of risk one is taking . They should measure the risk benefit ratio before taking risk and thus finally decide if it is worth it to take the risk to be successful .
(SPA,high) The education process has evolved during recent decades . In the past decades , students were tought in a way that would only permitted them to memorize facts . The importance of education relied on accepting facts rather than understanding them . Things have changed , and nowadays students should understand ideas and concepts rather than learning only facts . The world demands well prepared people capable of analyzing situations , solving problems and proposing ideas . When students understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts they are able to develop a process of constant and connected learning . They are able to apply ideas and concepts at different fields and they can find relations within different subjects . They have a broader spectrum of ideas that they can develop into competences throughout their student life . This makes the knowledge process smooth at all levels of education . Students are encouraged to understan rather than simply accepting ideas . The problem with learning only facts is that it partializes the knowledge . A student would only memorize facts for a certain subject and it would not be able to find its aplicability in other fields . Facts only respond to specific details and eventough they are useful , they can not constitute the pure basis for education . Facts do n't permit discussion . As an example of what I have presented before we can analyze a history class . It is different to learn history learning only dates and facts that took place at a certain time , than to undestand ideas and concepts that lay behind the facts . If a student is able to see the connection between events and to undestand the conditions that gave birth to a certain fact they would undestand many of the things that take place today . As a conclusion I would say that the education process needs facts as well as undestanding ideas and concepts but the last one , is more important for developing a well constructed and supported knowledge . In my opinion , the early you give a student the possiblity to do this , the better he/she wil performed in academic life .
(TUR,high) This summer I was in USA and faced with the fact that how cars became an important part of our lives . The transportation system was much more different than we used to have in Turkey which caused me to get in trouble many times . Then I started to think about the importance of cars and how they will be one of our obligatory needs like water or food in the next future . I believe that in twenty years time there will be more cars in use than are today . There are mainly two important reasons that I can see to support that idea . The first reason is the increasing world population . When we think 20 years before today , we will notice that the traffic problem was not as serious as today . By the increasing population the number of cars are increasing as well . People start to settle the areas that are not occupied before . This means new living areas appear that travelling long distances become obligatory . As I had mentioned previously , my USA experience had really showed me that obligation after seeing people travelling more than one hour to go to their works and schools every day . The second reason of why I believe there will be more cars in use is the technology and the things that it brings to our lives . With the new improvements in our technology we realize that our lives become much more easier . It is a fact that people follow the technology as they want to use their times much more efficiently . I believe nobody would like to spend half an hour or more by waiting in bus stops or standing in the crowded busses . Another fact is that cars become cheaper and available as the technology develops the novel ones wich are more expensive . It seems that it is not very far to observe that cars will be an obligatory part of our lives that all the family members have their own cars by considering the increasing world population and the developing technology .
(TUR,medium) Young people enjoy life more than old people because they don t have health problems as many as old people do . While we are getting old we loose most of our abilities like ; hearing , seeing far or close objects , if we are unlucky , walking and many like these . Most of the old people that we know takes medicine in order to regulate the ordinary and normal body conditions for example ; my grandmother takes pills in order to regulate her heart beats and grandfather of mine takes medication to avoid his blood presure increase abnormaly . I hear their complains about these problems every single day . Most of the time , I think the only thing that can be spoken to an old person is heath problems or medicine . After getting retired , seeing their childrens weedings , having decreased on the abilities that they used to have , the thing they expect from their own life becomes just dieing in peace , and I think this is the most significant idea of many old people . I witneesed it from my grandparents and their friends who are over 60 years old . On the other hand , I also know a lot of young people who has no health problem and who are very happy with their lives . Enjoying the life despite some other problems which old people don t have after their retirements as ; earning money , affording a good life , hard work conditions , is still possible for them because they don t have to worry abour their health . Most of the young friends I know care about their lives in order not to be like their parents , complaining all the time about doctors or the que at the hospital . They go to sport centers , take long holidays , travel to other countries , go to picnic , try different types of sports , becomes a member of a club ... So they also consider that not only being young , but also staying healthy is necessary . In my opion , young people who knows how to enjoy life and keeps their health as long as possible , accomplishs to enjoy life more than unhealthy old people do .
(SPA,medium) In the world that we live in , we cannot afford the limitations that we state to our knowledge . This a personal barrier we unconsiously establish in our minds , limiting our personal objective 's optimum results . We compete every day with more developed and evolutionized minds . Qualities that a person may posses , may limit the desire to abroaden their studies . Some determinations , obstacles or maybe the lack of interest may affect ones studies . Setting and focusing the minds is an essential fact for abroading knowledge . Determinations may hold one back , establishing olny to study what they are truly passionate to study . What people do n't see is that to have to optimmum product towards being the best at your passion , one must be prepared for everything and anything . Obstacles may be presented at a road towards succes , but the key is to overcome the obstacles and learn from them , exposing every day the best of anybody . Another thing is the lack of interest one may gain if the subject to study is of extreme boresome . It may be a teacher 's fault that the subject is of dislike , there by causing the desire of the students to only study the specific subject and terminate the agony . I agree with the statement , `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects that to specialize in one specific subject . '' . I want to be a veterinarian , but to be successfull in the job I want to pursue , I have to study abroadly every academic subject I choose . This will prepare me to confront any obstacle that I may enconuter on the road to success . In conclusion , limiting our knowledge is not an option , one must always exceed the limits . This is the road to success , to be the very best one can be , knowing the most out of our knowledge .
(GER,medium) I disagree with the statement that nowadays young people do not spend an appropriate amount of their time to helping their communities . The first reason why I disagree with the statement is that the world we live in chnges fairly quickly . As a result of that , a sound education is the most important point that younger people must follow . Education is a very time-consuming issue . Therefore , the time young people have to spend for helping their communities is generally limited . Furthermore , I do not believe that spending time for their communities is a special task for the younger people . There may be some objective evidence that the willingness of people to help their communities became smaller . However , I strongly believe that this is a dilemma of the society we live in . It is no choice to argue that the younger ones must use more of their time for helping their communities . Finally , I do not believe that the amount of time which is used by younger people for helping their communities has significantely changed from the past . I assume that it might be a problem of visibility . If , for example , younger people organise computer lessons for children or guide children in the internet , it might look like some kind of game to some observers . However , teaching children the correct use of new media is a very valuable helping for communities . As a result , I believe that younger people do not need to use more
(CHI,medium) There are many opinios on the subject that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I think that many young people in my home country do not give their time to helping people . There are few reasons for this . Firstly , people in my home country are too busy to help people . They always have a lot of work to do and they only have the tiny time to complete their work . Take my friend , Chris , for example . He worked in the hight technique company and he always worked overtime . When he came home , it 's almost midnight . On day , he saw a woman laid on the land and he knew he must find someone to help her . He saw his watch and he found he was late to the meeting if he staied there to wait the emergancy car , so he just called the 911 for help and went away . He knew that it 's wrong but he did n't have enough time to save her . Thus , I think that people in may home country are too busy to helping other people who are in trouble . Secondly , there are many lier in my home country . People fair to be lied and they do n't want to lose some things . For instance , my friend , Kitty , one day she walked on the street and she met a man to ask her that if she could lent him the cellphone to slove some problems . The man promised that he would return the phone back to my friend right now when he finished his commversation . Kitty agreed to lent the cellphone to him and waited nearby him . At the next second , the man ran away and let Kitty staied there alone . She shocked and she did n't know what happened . She just saw the guy ran away with her cellphone and that monmet she knew she lose her phone . Therefor , I think that there are many lier in my home country , so people will think twise when they want to help someone . I think that 's why people in my home country do n't want to help a foreigner . There are many people will disagree with me , saying that there are also many volunteer to help people in the sociaty . However , I think that many people in my home country are too busy to help people who need help and I think that there are too many lier in my sociaty . So , I think that many young people nowadays do not give enough time to help people .
(CHI,medium) In the world , we can see many advertisements appeared on the television , magazine , radio , and newspaper . When people saw the advertisements on the TV , magazine , radio or newspaper , we can saw the color is more beautiful than the products is . Also it can let many people to know the product and to buy it , but people do n't know the product is good or bad . First of all , it can makes products more beautiful than before , but this is not the true color , it can let people make mistake about the color . If i saw clothes on the TV , maybe sometimes i feel happy that the color is very nice . I know , some worker use light or computer to make it . we can choice the best color and let it appear on TV . So , the first thing is make the color more beautiful . Second , i think it can make something better than the product really is . For example , we usually see a second hand car on a TV andt sale it . If people see the car just on the computer or TV . We ca n't buy that . Some cars is a lemon . We need to go to the place and try to drive it . You can know the car is good or bad only through experiment . So , advertisements make car much better than the really is . Third reason is that can let many people to know and buy it . Some drinks or food made advertisements , we saw the drinks and food are delicious , but the company did n't say they include how much fat . Some food is not helpful for people 's health . Company 's purpose is many people to buy the products . So , they just say good things for people . Finally , i say i agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . I hope people who wants to buy something to go to that place and make sure that things is you want to buy .
(SPA,medium) Nowadays students do n't want to do too much effort learning topics . Despite that thought , I think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than simply learn facts . One of the reasons for students to clearly understad ideas and concepts is motivation . If sudents understand ideas and concepts they will get motivated . For example , in Anatomy class students should understand how the digestion process is done . later on , they will be able to understand the importance to eat healthy . Even more they will be encourage them to eat less bad foot and increase the healthy food . The students understand the concept of digestion and they can have the idea of eat healthy . Another reason for students to understand ideas and concepts is easier to learn when people understand concepts . I remember when my professor explained to me how the heart works . First he gave me the example how a water system works . Also he gave me the concept of pressure and then how the water can run around the system . At that time I was able to learn how is the heart 's work . Finally undertanding concepts and ideas students can increase their creativity . Most of the people who has discoverd new inventions have understood the concept and the idea how things work . For example , people had to undesrtand the concept how the wheel worked in order to invent the cars . After that their creativity increased and the final product was the car . In conclusion , student who know in deep concepts and ideas are able to perform easier in any field because their motivation , learning and creativity will make them to apply his knowlege in any task in life .
(KOR,medium) Young people do not give enough time to helping their communites and that is one of the main social issues for nowadays . It was not issued in the past , however as the industry is keep growing and becoming more wealthier , it began to have one of the social problem for nowadays . We would like to find out some several reasons and examples for this issue . For young people , they are getting intended to spend more time with his or her freinds rather than spending time with the communities in which could make more pressure and could have unfamiliar for their habits . It is obvious that they have less pressure for meeting with their own friends and could enjoy their own lifestlye . They are thinking that they better go to concert and watch the famous stars in the stages . Educational problem could cause making young people to be more selfish . Most of the young people have had lots of pressures for studying subjects in order to get a good grade and go to the better university and finally having a better job in which would make more salary . They are thinking about their own interest and their lifestlye not the other people communities . It is pretty sad to hear the more young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . People have to live together and communicate together whatever or whereever they live in the earth . Losing personal time could minimize to do their own interest habits , but helping their communities is pretty impotant in order to make better society with positive thinking . Young people will need to have sacrificing their spirits and to be more aggressive in order to make a better society and that could make a better world in the future and their family .
(GER,high) I totally agree with this statement . Doing just the things that all people do is not really creative and will never differ a specific person from the others . But being successful means being different and taking risks otherwise everybody would be successful . We all know the phrase : ` No Risk , No Fun ' . That can be used for many parts in life . For example in the stock market . There are so many investment bankers . Who are the real successfull ones ? The guys who took the highest risks ! Another example is given in the movie business . How many of this famous hollywood stars have ever finished or even started university ? Most of them did not ! They took the risk of being a star or a nobody . Same to all this well-known hip-hop stars like Snoop Dog or R. Kelly . But it is not just the risk that people have to take to become successfull . They also have to try new things . The have to be innovative . Bobby Dekeyser is innovative . Bobby Dekeyser is succesfull . Being a former soccer player he decided to open his own business . His idea was to create high-quality chairs . The problem was that he could not find anybody who would invest in his idea and the much worser thing was he did not know anything about chairs . But after ten years of hard fights for his idea and his dream he is now one of the most famous chair producers and his company called DEDON produces for stars like Brad Bitt or Nicolas Cage . To recap the mentioned points it is important to understand through the given examples that to be successfull means not only to take high risks or doing something different than the others . It means also fighting for odreams and not giving up in difficult times . All those things together make people really successfull .
(JPN,medium) Today in Japan , I think some young people dont help their communities . I think it is because they are not interesting in their lives . Some people say that they dont have much time to spend helping communities but I think those are just the reason why they dont want to do it . So I think they should be interested in their community and give enough time to helping their communities to see their lives again . Some communities have some problems . I think the most biggest common problem is the environment . I am interested in these environment so I do want to know about these problems and want to think what i can do for communities . These environment problems are very important today i think , because those are depending on our lives and they are relative to our future lives . So I think that people have to consider about these problems again of course , but young people should be in mind these problems becasue young people will make our future life so that they should give enough time to helping thier comminuties . These a little helping can make our communities better . Having siad that , some people against my idea because studying or playing sports or doing what they like are also important . However , I think young people can give more time to helping considering their communities because young people 's infuluences are very big so that if they more pay attention to their community , i think their communities will be better . In conclusion , young people should see thier lives again and they should consider what they can do for the future . So i disagree with this statement .
(KOR,medium) I do not agree with the following statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . '' My definition of `` traveling '' would be feeling the breeze and have relaxation , but with tour guide i would not feel comfortable at all . From my experience i went to Yellowstone National partk withing a group led by a tour guide . it was very helpeful to learn about Yellowstone National Park but they had limited time , so if i want to go somewhere to see more informationa or to take a picture i would not have time because we would have to move on to next place , i did not have any individual time to spend with my family . All i did was walking and listening , walking and listenning over and over again . I felt like this was more like school field trip not traveling . Of course you can counterpoint with my decision , like what if you do n't know the direction or you have no idea what to do ? Well i thought about that too but the whole point of traveling is you look for direction and find the place and keep searching for new things . I got lost several times during my trip but it was all worth it because next time i went there i could remember clearly because i got lost once and now i think about that moment i think it 's good memory to have . i 'm not saying that you should not have a plan for your trip but with tour guide you schedule is going to be so tight that you will not have anytime to have your own quality time , all you do is sleep at night because you are so tired from touring . In conlcusion the best way to travel is to travel by yourself or your friend but not in a group led by a tour guide , it will make the trip worse .
(GER,medium) In my opinion the statement is true that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . To confirm my opinion I will give several examples . For example if you think of a product filled in bags like soup and then of a commercial in television . The soup looks colorfull and it seems that many thing are in it . But if you will buy it and cook it on your own at home there are not as much noodles in it as the commercial wants to make people believe . This happens on an special purpose . Advertisements are made to sell something to people . People who make advertisements are specially trained to know what people want to have , so they will only show us the things we want to see . In my example this are more noodles in the soup then there actually are . Another example is advertisements for underwear on large posters everywhere outside . On these posters you can see beautifull men and women , and the underwear fit them perfectly . The inventers of such advertisements did this perfect thing to make people think that they can look like these people too if they will buy the product . So it is all about what buyers want to see and feel when they look at advertisements . The makers of advertisements mostly pretend to have the best and perfect product and to convince buyers to believe so too , they exagerate in demonstrating good items as perfect items . No one wants to spend his or her money on things that are not worth it , but they also have to believe in advertisements .
(TEL,high) I agree with the statement that `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts '' for several reasons . The reasons include the skills to do it practically , innovative ideas they get , able to answer the twisted question properly on the tests , participate in group discussions and if possible clear the doubts of the peers Studying some thing and learning should not be just for the sake of taking tests and getting grades , it should be for knowing the essence of subjects . Students should be able to practically implement what they read rather than just cramming and giving the exam . Only understanding the ideas and concepts help student to do the practicals not just learning . If student does not know how to practically use a computer what is the use of studying computers ? By understanding the concepts clearly student can think some innovative ideas to do the project . If the entire essence is know he/she can get innovative ideas and implement them and student can find lots of carrer paths in the area . There is lot of difference between a student who writes just a program and who writes effective program taking in to consideration execution time , memory space etc. , The student ca n't expect all the questions from the textbook for their examination . If a student just learns the facts he/she ca n't answer any question given . They can just answer questions from the textbook . But the student who understands the facts can answer any type of question . Modern day education system gives lots of importance to class discussions and group studies . Few of the schools even give some percentage of marks for them . For the effective participation in class discussions student not only needs good preparation but also good understanding of the things . Then only he can play a better role in the discussion . It is better to study in groups rather than studying individually . In group studies students will have more scope to understand things and discuss with their peers . Students will get the confidence on some subject when they can clear the doubts of their co-students which is possible only if they have better understanding and knowledge of the subject . So definetely the way student understand things has a great impact on student 's knowledge , practical knowledge and there by carrer in their future .
(TEL,high) `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' I completely disagree with the above proposition due to the following points TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION : The above proposition actually takes a backward step with respect to the world which is evolving technologies at a breathtaking pace . In the next 20 years the technology would be so advanced that cars would be more efficent , more cheaper and environmental friendly . With the way automotive innovations are progressing , a time would come when everyone in the world would opt for a car . INDUSTRIALIZATION AND DEVELOPMENT : Till date the majority of cars are found only in the developed countries . But with aggressive industrialization and development taking place in the developing countries which constitute a major consumer base , the scenario would completely change . In the next 20 years , the developing countries would reach a stage where people in these countries would have more earning power and a raised standard of living . This would naturally translate into more buying capability which would mean that , 20 years from now , majority of the of cars would be driven in these developing countries . This in effect would increase the already existing number of cars . EMERGING MARKETS : It has been estimated in the next 20 years , developing countries like India , Brazil and China would increase their economical prowess to the extent comparable to the likes of U.S and the European Union . As these 3 countries constitute a major chunk of the world 's population , they would naturally form significant market for all kinds of consumer goods which would also include cars . With the explosive and continuous growth of these developing countries , there is no doubt that there would be a high growth trajectory for the number of cars plying on the roads in future . Hence the above 3 factors are the principal reasons why the above proposition stated is false .
(JPN,low) I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . because young people are very energish . They want to do sports , play game , like the other , get marry with the other , study about unknown things and so on . Many kinds of thing wait for them . By contrast , old people have already done many kinds of things for they were young and energish and already enjoyed . This time , they shoud support young people like they let old people support who support them before . But I dont mean that old people mast not enjoy . They also shoud enjoy very much . what I want to say is that yong people are star and old people are thier manager . everyone shoud enjoy but also old people shoud support them .
(JPN,low) Certainly , successful people do n't wnat to think that I want to fail the first , mayby almost all people chise what they know how to do well . If the given choise I disagree with this opinion . Personality , I like to try new things . Of corse , there are many advantage to repeat the same things . For example , I like to use the conputer . Also , if I know how to use the computer , but if I do n't know how to use some soft , so , what should I do ?? Maybe , I will learn how to use this . It is disadvatage to repeat to use the same things . I found there is the most advantage to try new things . They have the new discovery and the fail , it looks like opposit , but the fail made from the new discovery . Someone know the new discovery they fail something the first . In my oppinion , I want to say if someone bother which things can I do . Do n't be afraid of trying new things . Therefore , I disagree with
(HIN,high) The statement raises an important issue of the modern society . I completely agree to this statement . It has been seen that as the society is progressing the interaction of youth with the society , that constitutes its proximity , is decreasing . This declining communication restrains them from taking the initiative of supporting their communities . With the advances in technology young people have started spending more time in playing with the devices that they treat as the sources of entertainment . Consider for example television and computer . If an option between watching television or doing some social work is given to a bunch of young people then most of them would choose to stay at home and watch some TV show rather than taking the pain of doing social work . These technological gadgets and sources that promises to amuse the user do very little to motivate them for any community help . Hence they never realize the need of involving themselves into any social help . Moreover very little efforts are put into to make the young people realize about the responsibility of helping out the nation and community . Young people do n't want to help their country because they can survive happily without doing that . Another reason that might supplement the above mentioned reason to spare very little time for the young people is the expectations of the family . Every family wants to see their children as a succesful person . Very few families would like to see them as a citizen who is trying hard to help his community . This combined with the vast variety of sources of entertainment pushes the youth into a vicious circle where he/she either spend his time trying to fulfill his dreams or relaxing after the long duration hard work . These points explains the reasons for the unavailability of enough time with the young people . But this should not be a justification . The modern society , which we call the developed society , is actually abasing itself if we compare the behaviour of the today 's youth with that of the previous generation .
(ITA,medium) All the people have a different opinion about this statement and many times in my life I just had spoken about this with my friends or my parents . The conclusion I can find is that young people not enjoy life more thar older people . I say this because I think that in the course of the life every man change his opinion about enjoy the life . So in the youngs ages the idea about enjoy life is based only in to have a good time , to enjoy with his friends and to have always more free time . When we grow this kind of view change for many people and if change the kind of view the behaviors change too . This new mentality of the older people is the reason of the change of `` enjoy life '' . In fact if when we are young the most important thing is to have fun and enjoy the life ( in his classical interpretation ) , but when we are older we prefer to enjoy the life in different ways . The older people in fact prefer to enjoy their family , their wife , their child and for this reason probably they spent different their money . I think this because now I am 24 years old and just I saw this change in my mentality . When I was a young student I liked always to have fun and to enjoy , and I spent all my money for this , but now I have finished the university and my kind of thinking about enjoy life is changed . Now I thinking more to find a good job and to buy my house . But I enjoy life too , only i do this in a different way now . It 's sure that when I grow more and I will more older I will change this way to enjoy life , but it 's normal , I think this appen on all the people .
(SPA,high) I belelieve that the following statement is true . In twenty years there will be fewer cars than there are today because of the high oil prices and the new inventions discovered by technology . But I believe some inventions will keep the cars alive but with few exceptions and changes . In the early 1990's the production of cars have recently started . Since those years cars have been a production to the world wide industry and a famous traveling comfort to the world . The worst fact about the car is the liquid it needs to consume in order to run . That liquid is called Petroleum which mostly many cars need to use in order to work . Oil has been the primary source of energy for cars to start its engine . So many cars around the world have been produced at a high amount which equals the same amount of oil being purified and changed to petroleum for cars . Mostly every car gives out a deadly gas that it dissolved into the air . This makes air pollution occur and at today stage the world is suffering from a great jeoperdy of killing the enviroment with these emissions . The oil produces a very bad gas that is released and covered in the air . Mostly many trees around the area can cover it up with oxygen but with the cars being produced at a fast pace problems will occur . The enviroment is already suffering from air pollution also some countries have already suffered the air pollution and as the outcome many citizens have to go out covering their faces because they could get killed . It is proven a fact that if you stay in a room filled with the gas car produces you can get killed because of the oxygen taking up less space . The whole world is looking at it as a great problem because it affects the enviroment greatly . It is increasingly making the wold suffer greatly . I believe that the best solution to the problem is to stop the production of vehicles that produce heavily disturbed gas . Mostly the older cars from the 1990's give out worst emissions than cars today . Most new companies have to create a different source of energy for cars . In the world today the production of hybrid cars have started and it is a healthy car for the enviroment . It doesnt affect the enviroment at all . Also that in the end oil is about to become extinct because we are using it for almost every energy production . Oil will not exisist and cars will have to run over a new energy source like hybrid . In conclusion I believe that in twenty years there are going to be less cars because of the enviromental problems it is causing and the oil becoming extinct . Even though new inventions of technology is being discoverd the official car of today will be not used much . The new technology will change the cars status so it can gain benefits for both the humans and the world 's enviroment .
(GER,medium) The statement `` Succesfull people try new things and take risks rather than only doing waht the already know how to do well. '' has several examples in the scientifique history that show that it is true . One of them is Albert Einstein , who had at the beginning of his professional live strong difficulties to find a suitable job . He ignored his friends who where arguing not to change his job and went to an university in Berlin where he developed the theory of the relative time . Another example ( where the meaning of successful is different ) are the attempts to kill hittler during the second world war . These people knew how to survive in the nazi society , but they took the risks of being killed because they believed in what they did . From the point of view we have today they where succesful . Another side of the same medal is the recent economy . The value of the firms only depends on the their success at the stock fairs . As result the managers are trained to push these courses and they do n't care about there employees ( it 's not a risky behaviour , because everyone does ) . In this case success is a question of the definition . But there is another way to success too . Doing continiously the work you know how to do well will give you a smaller but steady flow of success . Because people can rely on you it will have an positive influence on your work . My personal way to success is a combination of personal and professional success . At the one hand you must have the possibility to have i.g. a family . That 's why you need professional success , with risky decisions that will you allow to earn more money . On the other hand personel success is never a result of risks .
(SPA,medium) Through the years sciences as psychology and sociology have studied what it is more important for the human beings to understand ideas , concepts , definition or to learn facts and many of them have got the conclusion that it is more important to understand because it has many advantages for people and for the science than to learn facts . First of all , the brain works differently when human beings to master comprehending ideas than to master facts . The human being can store this information for more time what they are able to understand and can remember easily it , too . For sure when we learn only facts we can see that we forget in a few day or in a few minutes that we learn . With this point we can show learn with facts is a waste of time . Second , from the view of learning is better is that people can easily relate all that they learned when they are able to compare , differentiate and optimize between diferences and similarities between concepts learning understanding than when they learn facts . With facts , people can not relate or well compare two events that they already happened in order to apply them directly in the present time . Third , for the science this kind of learning brings more oportunities to create something new and be implemented in a competitive world . This last point is very important because we live in a changed world where everybody tryes to do something new and if we are able to decipher concepts , of course we will be capable to create , invent ideas in benefit of diferent fields like in medicine , computers or in other field . At the end , I agree completely that it is better to learn understanding ideas , concepts that learn facts in order to improve not only our brain , mind but also be able to create new cures in medicine or an item that benefits in different fields and going around againg , why not in health that it is one of fields that need more solutions than the rest of the sciences . Understanding how works everything we will do a better world with solutions and we will create a better quality of life for us and for the people oncomming .
(TEL,medium) I partly agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of the many academic subjets than to specialize in one specific subject . Because it may be acceptable in some aspects and it may not acceptable in some apects . It is better to have knowledge in many subjects . Because it is a very best method to know about the all the subjects and to get awareness of all the subjects which is very useful . Bcause by having an idea about the all subjects people can easily overcome the present competition . For example in many campus recruitements the softwarecompan are asking the questions about the all the subjects rather than a particular subject . They are trying to test the knowledge and idea of the person about the various subjects . So it is better to study many subjects rather than a particular subject . And all the times the knowledge of the more academics is not useful . Because it is better to know to study clearly about the particular topic and improve the analysing capability of the subject in a keen way . Because specalist in one subject will know about the detailed information of the subject . They can solve the problems which are araised in that field easily because of the vast knowledge of the subject . They can do the reaserch in the subject and can develop new technical methods which are very useful to the humanbeings . The specialists are required in every field to manage the system . So it is good to have vast knowledge in a particular field . So it will be better in many situations to have knowledge about the academics to be aware of the all the subjects in order to be a succesul person in the present competition . And it is also very good to have deep knowledge about the one subject to be perfect and to manage a particular field .
(JPN,medium) The difinitive difference between young people and older people does not exist and to make this difinition is difficult . Also , to decide which is more enjyoable is more complexed issue . Young people are more energetic and full of dreams , while older people are at ease and satisfied , although such differences depend on the situations of their abilities and lives . I will take the position that older people enjoy life more than younger people , and discuss it below . The most important charecteristic of older people is the money and time . Most successful people has much maney and much time in their elerly lives . Even younger people such as famous enterpreneurers are wealthy but they must be busy and have rare time to enjoy their time laxuarily . Older and rich people have both maney and time , these are valuable only when the both are gained . Secondly , older people with maney and time would be satisfied with their lives and what they have done . It is natural that not all older people are satisfied with their lives because there are different standards of values . However , most people are not regrettful and satisfied with what they have done . Such feeling are difficult for young people to accomplish when they are young , and such a way of thinking are the origin of senir volunteer and their donation for some foundations . The older people with maney and time will also have many friends who are at the situations like the older people . When they are young , they have to work for their lives and for their family , so they have less time to enj
(JPN,high) I agree that successful people tend to have the attitude of trying new things and taking on risks , because I believe this is essentially what defines successful people from ordinary people . More specifically , I agree because of the following reasons : First , successful people take risks because they know that risk taking differentiates themselves from the rest of the herd . They realize that people are naturally risk-averse and tend to continue what they are doing . Successful people take risks , not only because this very action differentiate themselves , but also because they know that there will be a learning experience offered through their risk taking . They know that even with failure , so long as they maintain the will and the energy to continue , they can come back stronger with the experience they will gain . Second , successful people work on improving their weaknesses . Whether it be a professional major league baseball player or a CEO of a mutli-billion company , successful people try new things to improve their performance . They break their status quo and leap to the next level , because they can identify what they are good at and what they are not , and thereby work on the weak areas with a new approach . Third , successful people try new things because they are curious and eager to learn . They also know that there are a ton of things they do n't know out there in the world . Further , their curiosity leads to the synergy of their knowledge base . For example , an engieer may better address his current issues in the long-term , if he gained more knowledge about business and other drivers that may be causing his problems . In summary , I believe that successful people are willing to take risks and are eager to try new things because of their natural characterstics of self-improvement and from the knowledge of the benefits of such actions .
(TUR,medium) What will be the future of car ussage ? People like travelling with cars , even the destination is near to their locations , and the car industry always pushes the use of cars with different kinds beatiful cars . At this point , what if I claim that in twenty year there will be fewer cars ? Are you suprised ? Yes , I claim that the usage of car will be decreased ! There will be two reasons for this decrease . First one will be the restrictions of governments due to state planing and avoiding pollution . If you have a car , you may probably facing with the parking problem . If there were less number of cars in use , that was not be a problem for us today . Besides the parking problem , the time wasted in traffic jam will make governments to restrict to use of cars . The third thing that will push the governments to restrict this usage will be the raise of air pollution due to cars . What will be the solutions provided by them ? There are two thing that can be done . One of them is to allowing at most one car per citizen . The other is allowing some cars in some days ; for example , allowing just the even numbered car plates in the even numbers of months . Besides the restriction of the government , the health problems will make people use their cars less . Today , the foods with huge amount of calories can be easily accessible and most of the job holders are white colored . This means that most of the people have to do something to lose the weights comming from all the time sitting and consuming foods with much calories . Of course , the best thing to do is doing sport . But this time may not available to everyone . So , it is better to use cars and walk at least for the near destinations . In conclusion , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use due to two facts . One of them will be the restrictions of governments due to state governing and planning , and the other reason will be the health problems of people . These causes will force people to use their cars less .
(HIN,high) I feel that in general , today 's youth do not show much concern for the community . However there are a few exceptions , and by gaining inspiration from such people we can change the current situation . Let me illustrate this with an example . In my institute there is a social services group called NSO . All students are supposed to work for a minimum of hundred hours for this organization over a period of two years . The NSO carries out activaties like educating poor children , tree plantations , cleanliness campaigns , etc . However , as a secretary of this organisation , it is extremely disheartening to see the apathy of the students towards such activities . Whenever we plan something , only a few volunteers come up . Ultimately they run short of completing their hunred hours and ask me to help them in an inappropriate manner . What are the reasons for such lack of concern . One could be , lack of time . There is a lot of competiton amongst students . As they strive to achieve the results they aim for they forget what they owe to society . Often students are motivated to do community services just to make a statement on their resume . However , I would be wrong if I said that this applies to all youngsters . I have a friend who is just the opposite . He is very passionate about community service and does it because he feels for it . Recently the college cultural festival was organized . It is time for enjoyment and fun for most students . I was amazed to see my friend running a stall during the festival to raise money for an NGO while the rest of us were having fun attending rock concerts . To conclude , I feel that although most students feel the need and the urge for working for our communities , it is only a few who turn that inspiration in to action .
(HIN,medium) Younger people try to enjoy each and every moment of their life to the full of their capabilities because this is the only time in which there mind is devoid of all sorts of worries and tensions which they have to face in future to acheive their destined goal . This is the time when they have many friends around them to enjoy with , . share feelings and emotions . At this age person is free to go anywhere he wants to go to enjoy . Also they are physical and mentally healthy .. but in the old age a person cannot enjoy as he enjoys when he is young because their are several problems like degrading health day by day , few friends to share feelings . for example if a person is young and he/she had to entertain himself or enjoy he can go to beach , dance party . movie , picnic etc but same is not the case with the older people . another example is that young people doesnt have responsibilites or boundations as older people have so their mind is free from all sorts of problems .. To sum up , I agree with the given statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do because this only the time when they are free from boundation , responsibilities and also problems , sufferings which they have to face in future while attening their goal . and another thing is that young people at this time is physical fit to partcipate in any sport and event to entertain themself .
(KOR,medium) Thesedays , it is really tough to give time to help our communities . Most young people are busy to have fun by themselves or to get ready for their future . Did you have enough time to help your community ? Let me tell you how young people 's mind became evil . First , young people in Korea love to get drunk . I saw Korean Times last week , and it said `` More than 77 percents of Korean University students are near alcoholics '' . I do not think the `` near alcoholics '' have the time to help their communities . Second , other young people in Korea are really busy to get ready for their future . They try their best to get all kind of licenses like MBA , GPA . It is really hard to get a job in Korea nowadays . That is why young people get ready for their future . Third , young people hate to help their communities , because they think it is bored and not necceary . Their parants should tell them to help their communities . Last , it is really bad for their future if they do not give enough time to help their communities . It will make them to be phycos . If they are not used to be in communities , they will be selfish , mean , and evil . I saw a person who helped his commnunity when he was young , he did almost perfect control with time . He never got drunk , got many licenses , helped his community . He is enjoying his life now . I am telling you that all young people should give enough time to help their communities .
(TEL,medium) The given statement states that `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one subject . Probably i dont agree with the statement given because of many reasons . As it is said that it is better to have broad knowledge about many subjects rather than one it may applicable only at lower education levels . Where it is easy to read many subjects with not so prolonged issues but just a overlook about the subject and get a vague idea about the topics which are required and used in our daytoday life such physics , english , mathematics . But as we go for higher education we probably prefer a single subject that we are intrested in and make specialization . So i specify my view that it is essential that at which point of time we are taking the important decision of studying our graduation or post graduation at that times only the prescribed subject is required to do specialization . I can support my view by giving some important points . The points are , if want to study all the academic subjects at greater level of education then it is very tough because for a given academic time we may not get the information of all the subject in detail . And some times we may not be intrested in some of the academic subjects and we may neglect those subjects and get a lower grade which may not be correct for a proper education . And the next reason is that doing a specialization patrticularly mean when we are taking in particular subject and do research about the topic then we say that we have done specilization in that particular subject . we cant say that we have done specialization in all the subjects which is practically not piossible because man is not perfect and he cant gain such a great knowledge at a time . Basically we select our subject according to our carrer objective so we rather prefer to gain knowledge about that particular subject and do specialization on only that topic , so if we go for all the subjects according to the student tendency we usally neglect some of the topics . Finally i would say that the given statement may be applicable only at lower education levels , but for the higher levels it would be better if we do specialization only in one subject rather than all the academic subjects . Getting broader knowledge not only means that studying many topics but to have perfection about them which may not be posible for a greater extent . This gaining of broder knowledge may be only for some time finally we have to be perfect in one .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement that is `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . Beacause people are the persons who are not bother about the future . Future is the only thing make a man in to struggles when we memorize it . And also the yong people are more active than the older people . yonger people are enjoyed by facing the day by day challenges in the school and college . Young people will feel more happy when they achieve the target and they fell very sad when they fail . Young people do not know how to earn money , because they dont bother about the money . Older peoples have some limitations to do any activity in the society , because they all are experienced and thay all are already enjoyed the younger stage . But young people can do any thing what thay want . One famous scholer says that `` students can make the world and break the world '' . I am very much intrested about this phrase because i am also a student . iam also very much enjoying my younger stage . iam studied up to tenth standard in my own village , i am toally enjoying with my friends at that time by going to school through the greenary plants on cycle . And in the twelth standard i came to the city , here also i felt very happy by spending with friends . In my engineering due to the age , i knowing the what happy and what sad . Young people like me are so enjyoed theire lovely youngerness . The older people have some responsibilities in the family . They also enjoy the older stage by spending with the grand sons and grand daughters by sharing the affection and love . In this way younger people are more enjoy life more than the older people .
(TUR,medium) Some people become aware of the limited life span of human being at their early ages and try to enjoy it in the best way . However , there are some who are able to recognize it when they come to the end . Though , there is not a direct correlation between the awareness of the limited life span and the age , old people generally tend to enjoy life more than younger people . First of all , young people tend to assess the problems bigger as they are actually . Since it is hard for a typical young to foresee the outcomes of the events , they are magnifying every difficulty they come across . For example , many students in my country , Turkey , think that the university entrance exam is the nost important point in their lives . Therefore , if they are not able to achive it , most of them are damaged mentally . However , since older people has a lot of experience , they face problems in a calmer manner . Secondly , in general , an older man has higher chance of having enough money and time than a typical young person to do what they dreamed . Vast majority of us have little money to spend on our personal lives , while we are studying , since we depend on our families economically . Also , due to our schools and summer schools , our time is also limited to do what we want to , while oleders hav All in all , I am quite disagree with the idea of young people enjoy life more than older people do . Though I think that youngers have more energy and more desire than the olders , they could not enjoy life due to pressure put on them by their families and the limited finance and time .
(HIN,high) In my opinion it is good to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specializing in one specific subject because it is said that `` to have a good and useful knowledge do not have it on one topic have it many topic as it enlighten your mind , since knowledge increase on reading more and giving more '' . Now the question arises why it is good to have knowledge on many academic subject it is because that life is full of diversity and result of this is we have to face many faces of life , which is not possible by simply knowing one subject . Take an example like you have knowledge of only computer science and the situation arises where you have to apply knowledge of chemistry but since you have specialize in only one subject and do not know anything about chemistry so you face the problem . Whenever there is a problem there is a way out and for this reason only our education system is designed in such a way that we study each and every subject and atleast attain a knowledgeble position in each and every subject . There always question arises in education system why a history student have to study chemistry and other subjects , the answer is very simple no body can gurantee what is going to happen in coming future . So in order to prepare for every situation he or she must be prepare for any aspect of life and the key indegridient for this is ` KNOWLEDGE DIVERSITY ' that is an individual should not confined his or her study to one field but try to learn in a diverse envoirnment . Now take a real life problem you are a father of small child and you only know literature since you have specialize in it . Now one night your child become ill and you do not find any doctor nearby so what you will do in that case . There the diverse knowledge plays a important role since we study biology upto some level so we can trace out symptoms and can give some primary aid to child which we have learn otherwise simply wait and watch . So these all examples above shows the importance of broad knowledge in many academic subject not in one so since it is proved that `` knowledge is never wasted '' , and this have been realised by our forefather 's and our education system is result of that policy only .
(FRE,high) Nowadays , students can use all ways to success in their fields but they have to make attention in order to use the efficient way . That 's why I am completely aggree with this statement '' It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn . Actually , I think understanding ideas and concepts is more helpfull for students because this way is reliable , it help you to save your time and your memory will work successfully . The first thing is understanding ideas and concepts is really reliable . Actually , in order to do a good job at your exam , you have to understand the differents ideas . Moroever , this process is the first step in the method to learn facts . For example , a student who learns only facts ca n't have good grades because during his exam , he cannot understand the main ideas , so he will easily fail . Furthermore , this method to understand ideas can also help you to save your time in your daily life . The second thing which makes my opinion on this statement is the fact that this process can save your time . Actually , it can save your time because it will take less time to understand the main ideas of a lecture than to learn something you definetly do n't understand . For example , you can use more than three hours to learn facts but if you just try to understand what this lecture is talking about , you will know easily how this process is efficient . Thus , you will gain time to do other thing because you did n't spent a lot of time to catch the main ideas of the lecture . Furthermore , this process can help your memory to work with more success . Actually , your memory will work successfully , because you will help your memory to save only the important things . Thus , you will help your memory to be selective and to work faster than before . Moreover , you will help your memory to react very fast in front of a situation unexpected . In doing so undestanding ideas is better than learn facts In conclusion , i am definetly agree with this statement . I hope all students will use this method in order to have good grades and reach their goals easily .
(KOR,low) Those who consider having many experiences to have wsidom might say have their own time is more appropriate . However , I think young people give enoung time their communities is more desirable . There are two major reasons . First , give enough time their commnities , they can learn about how to be sociable . They can learn it ` firsthand ' As society is getting more complex , hauman realationships are getting more complicated . Therefore , the role of education has changed . However , I think give enough time their communicates is more desirable . Thus , when it comes , how to socialize , classmtes , freinds , and better than others . Moreover , as far as , comfort is conerned . I think give enough time their communities is more desirable .
(ARA,medium) Being successful in your life needs a little bit of taking the risk . but you need to have limits if your a risk taker . you see , people ca n't do or learn any thing with out taking the risk to do it every thing is linked to risk but be limited , think before you do it . Let me tell you about my self am a risk taker and am definitly supproting people who take risks in there life why , because taking risk is one of the main reasons why people successed in there life but there are limits for taking risks . If u want to study a major or a subject and you like and love this major you want to bulid your career on it but you heard that this major is very diffcult to take it and get a high grade , you take the major and you get your high grade . Is this an example of taking a risk you know its hard but you go because you love it and because it desirves to take the risk for it . See being a risk taker needs a special abilities of thinking and analyizing stuff . if your not sure about something and you think that you ca n't do it you need to take the risk . Taking a risk is linked to any person in this world who is successful in his or her life . A stupied example of takeing a risk is if some one offers you to jump from the 99 floor and he or she will give you 1 billon $ now this is what i call is a stupid risk . Something you know that there is a little bit of chance to get success on it than take the risk . because sometimes in this life you need that courage and braveness . Being a risk taker is one of the abilities and the quilies that any strong person has . what i mean by strong person is the person who has the ability to control people like successful managers . In my conclusion i prove for the reader that what makes any successful person is he need to have a little bit of that courge to take the risk and that any strong person that has strong personality is a risk taker .
(TUR,medium) Although the other transparation vehicles like trains , planes and ships are improving the percentage of usage of them , in the future I strongly believe that the numbers of the cars will be more than today . Because , a car is a need for a person today like air , food and water . All of the people try to have a house and a car for a better life . A car makes life more simple that you can go everywhere without waiting any other vehicle when you need . You can go your work , shooping and other social activities you wish . This situation leads to gain time , so you do not lose time for waiting . Today , time is the most important thing in a modern people life . Therefore , people prefer to have cars to gain time and making life more easier and comfortable . This event shows that people will continue to have cars in the future , too . The population of the world is increasing day by day , so more people means more cars will be in the future . A second reason about the fees of the car . Today , there is a big computation between the cars producers . All of them try to produce a better and chaper car . That computation causes to decrease the fees of the cars . Therefore , people who have not enough money to take car , can buy a car because of the low prices . Another reason may be about the technology . In the future technology can leads to us to drive flying cars . Flying cars can destroy all the disadvantages of a normal car like tarffic problem or traffic accident . Today , most of the people rather to use metro or ships to travel because of the trafiic problem and accidents . If in the future scientists will be successful making flying cars , then people can prefer to use cars instead of trains and ships . As a result of these reasons , I think in the future the number of the cars will be more and people will continue to use cars effeciently and affectively .
(FRE,high) Do young people enjoy life more than older people do ? Personally , I do n't think so , even if it 's quite difficult to know how much one enjoys life . I do n't see specific reasons why young people would enjoy life more . One could argue that their physical abilities are at their maximum , but in our modern societies , older people do n't necessarily suffer from health problems , and physical abilities are not the only sources of happiness . I think some people enjoyed life more while being young , and others prefer life ` now ' , that is , while being older . An idea widely spread is that being twenty years old is the best time in life , but the famous French writer Paul Nizan said he would never allow anyone to say such a thing . This shows that it really depends on people . Furthermore , it is not because one would like to be younger that he enjoyed life more at that time . This can be explained by the fact that he would like to be younger , but also to know what he knows now . Alas , if young people knew , if older people could ! The kind of enjoyment is simply different , depending on the age of people . Maybe young people enjoy it more obviously , or , may I say , noisily : they want to make this known . But people get - generally - wiser as time goes by , can enjoy other aspects of life , and are not concerned anymore by problems that , now they know it , are minor . To conclude , I would say that this general statement - young people enjoy life more than older people do - is untrue . This depends mainly on people , and the wise man can enjoy differently each period of his life .
(JPN,medium) I believe that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communites . This , i believe is caused by the environment we live in . However , this is not a problem that is only limited to the young developing generation . I think that the adults that are living right now are also guilty of this problem . It is our whole population that is causing this problem . By `` our '' i mean to refer to the people who live in developed countries and have a high standard of living compared to the developing nations . In war times , we did not have enough food supplies , not enough houses , not enough water , not anything od any abundace then the surrounding fear and death . People needed to share each others goods and had to help each other just to live on . This what built the sense of community and why people helped each other out . However , the war times has passed and there is less who remember or have lived through those conditions and the hardships of life . Now with some people having more money than they actually need there is no strong need of helping each other out . Most of us also live in small apartments , where only the father , mother and the childrent live . In old times , people used to live in big houses that was occupied by a whole family , including the grandmother , the grand father and even close relatives . However , now we express and treasure and privacies , even to our own relatives , just greeting them with a christmas card . There is no sense of unity because there are no central goals to a nation . We now induce Individualism and capitalism where each person protects and flourished in each own ways . Also because of the globalization age we have now , we are able to travel , live in wherever we want . So in countries there are mixed , races , cultures , and even language . That disrupts the sense of unity . So although i fell that young people nowdays do not give enought time to helping other communites , this is not limited to yoiung people and it is not solely their fault . This is because none of us have any sense of a strong community in the first place . T
(HIN,high) It is more important to understand the ideas and concept than to learn facts because if one is not clear with the idea , one can not get the details of facts . Understanding ideas can be related to history or and event . Lets say you are asked to write a detail about your country , for example India . You will be able to see the present situation that it is an Independent country which is the fact but what were the consequences it underwent at the time when British people ruled the country and how did the the freedom fighters gave up their lives for the independence of the country cant be achieved . so it becomes necessary to understand both facts as well as idea behind it . If one is watching a painting , one wont be able to make out the idea behind that painting but as the matter of fact he will picture it according to his own point of view . It might be that for a painter it is a painting of his family and he s expressing his views in that painting but for the viewer it might just be number of people standing . But if the student is provided with the ideas and facts together than a student will learn as well as understand the concept behind it . i once experienced that one of my frind told me that my best friend is just using me for some work to be done and i started hating her for that because that was the idea i got from the information but i could have spoke to her and understood the facts behind . Just by not being aware of the facts i almost ruined my relation . so at times it become necessary to understand the whole thing than to just go with the idea . Teachers have a bigger hand in using the ideas and facts in a proper form to make the students aware of the importance of both the facts and ideas play an equal role in understanding any concept . They can incalcate the ideas from beginning so they grow and give equal importance to both .
(ARA,medium) Young hearts Young people enjoy lige more than oldrer people do !!! . Most people think and act in that way , if you are young you are fine , you are healthy , you are happy . let us go through this ideas in foccus . If you are ( 12-22 ) years old from the begging of the day until the noon time you will be eather in the school or in the collage or university , if you are lucky , setting with books and sharing times with luctures when you reach home you well be exhusted enough to go for you nap time _ as most of student do_ . By the evening time you shoud stady and finish your home works . At the same time it might be your parrent planned to take you to visit your grand mather or to goin them to familly party and as you know living home after 1000 `` Oclock is prohibited , for that your sleeping time came . Today like yesterday the same rotinune stady sleeping , and every thing in scheqadule otherwise you will be impolite and not obaying the family roles . In the other hand if you are older enough to carry on your own responsibilities and you become above 30 years old you can enjoy you life after working time with your own lemitating and rules ; sleeping , reading , chating , driving , going for parties with freinds or with your own family , playing your favoiurate game ... ect . Finnaly from my small experince in life and as Im seeing my sesters and freinds life before and after we grow - up elder people enjoying their life may be less but more funny enjouable according to their well , time , interest , and needs with wide space of freedom and good points of what is good for them and what is not . Lastly they can also engoy planning and making their children and family more happeir and enjoyable life .
(SPA,high) The idea that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are has growned to be old-fashioned and too simplistic . In my opinion , perhaps in the early days of advertisement the public was more naive and advertisers themselves considered that the effect of advertisement was much more powerful that it really is . Today , I believe that advertisers have come to realize that it is much more effective to convey emotions and concepts related to the product than to state its wonderful and nearly miraculous properties . Why ? For two reasons . First of all , the public is n't as naive as some people might consider . They might be tempted to try a product that seems better than it really is , yet come to find that it is not as good . This can be harmful for the product 's sales in two ways : the consumer will not buy it again , and he/she will feel cheated , misguided and angry . Therefore , the image of the product will be damaged . As a second reason for why I believe that advertisements do not make products seem much better than they really are is that advertisers know that it is better to work upon the real-deal . That is , tell the consumers that what they see is what they will get . However , advertisers do try to make consumers think that what they will get is what they need . I believe that other than displaying the properties of products on television or radio , advertisements work more and more on consumer 's needs and motivations . They wo n't lie , they know that their consumers are n't fools , but they will try to convince you that a particular product is the one that best adapts to your needs . It is a sutile yet powerful difference .
(ITA,medium) I agree with this statement , because the main point of a student perspective is to get the principals how things works , so that the student is able to understand the ideas behind the concept , and can explanation why . That will encourage them to continue developing on that matter . To understand the concepts also plays an particular role . If you want to analyse somethink you need a concept , a kind of roadmap to do it , if you want to create or develop innovative products you also have to follow a determined concept . From my point of view , this are the keyfactors in getting better and creating safety and better product and that is exactly what you future imployer require afterwards from you . In comparison with the thesis that it is more important to learn facts , if you learn facts , you can mention thinks related to a specific topic , but you are not able to explain them . In different cases it can be helpfull to know facts , but the more impotant is to know how you can find the information , we have a very good posibility to do that about the greatest information source , the Internet . So i come to the conclusion that the more important tool is to understand ideas and concepts , this can be a great help for further investigations and the first step to be innovative to create something new , if you need facts to that issue , you will be able to read it in a book
(TEL,medium) I strongly believe that , Its better to have broad knowledge of several acadamic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . the primary reasons of this belief is balance that a broad knowledge is student can develop his interrelationships . if we have a only one specific subject we cannot speak or argue . Why the broad knowledge ? Broad knowledge is most important on student aspect because a student has to know about several subjects , because if he goes on any where at any seminars or some thing like that they might asked broad knowledge . Firstly , broad knowledge is basically knows about several topics . we can knows information about several subjects . The main advantage of several subjects knowledge we can participate at any seminars , quiz compititions at any level . we can argue at any topic watever they might ask type of questions . and other advantage of broad knowledge is we can give any type ig essay copitions and also compititive exams . and mostly compititive exams need broad knowledge . Here im explaing a example , one of my cousin takes only arts subjest in her course . one day she attended a seminar regarding her arts . Every one in that seminar was perfoming there arts . after performing an art there conducted a test . but she was unable to answered for those questions because of her one subject knowledge . so , student need many acadamis subjects . so finally , im sure that broad knowledge is more helpful for being a good student .
(HIN,high) I believe that younger people enjoy life more than the older people do . Young ones have nothing to worry about and they always remain close to their parents , pals and obviously cartoons which keep them happier . The older people have much more things to make their life enjoyable but the kind of enjoyment young one takes , its just cant be compared Firstly , they dont have any sort of tension in their life as the older ones have . It 's a very wise saying that , `` Life is too short buddy , dont spend the time of your life in worries '' . Older ones have responsibility towards their family , their job , their society which makes their life somewhat miserable and full of worries as compared to the young ones . Many philosophers also have supported the view that children are the most innocent species on the earth . So , obviously being innocent and without worry may be sounds impractical to an older man but in reality this is the main reason behind being happy The family and friends of a child act as an agent of socialisation teaching them the difference between the good and the bad . These agents of socialisation always put them in such a domain where the child will always prosper . They bring every thing for the child that is necessary for his goodwill and for leading toward a bright future . Friends are also play a big role in developing a childrens life which makes their life enjoyable Thirdly , they can do the things in their future what the older people do , for instance , going to a club or mountain trekking or having a girlfriend . But the older people cant have the type of fun the young ones have as they cant switch back to their past . We heard many times older people saying , `` Wish i would be young again '' and many songs too by famous artists . Thus , family , friends and all of the agents of socialisation having around the children to keep take care of them , children dont have the thing called worries . And if they have , then Santacluase always present around them to make them happy
(KOR,medium) Most people are about to do what they already know how to do well , or follwo what other people did . For example , most people are about to do the same way that someone changed his or her hairstyle , and after all the hairstyle is popular in all of the world . This is important because those who have followed the population like hairstyle what I said above are existed as general people in the world . However , those who try to change doing new things or inventing something are soccessful people like he or she who changed his or her hairstyle above . Then , we need to know why those who try now things are successful people . I think that successs is up to creativity . For example , without light bulbs , it 's hard for us to live especially into darkness , and they were invented by Edison , so Edison was a successful person , but we are just general people who use those things to be comfortable . Tring to make new things has a purpose that makes other people who are about to use the new things be comfortable or useful . It 's also work that can change the flow of the world . After all , success is just not only earning much money , but also makes others live comfortably . Then , What factors do we need in order to be successful people who try new things ? First , be creative thinking how people are comfortable if you make new things . Next , think about what the world needs from you who try to make new things . Finally , be confident about making new things even though you are responsible about how your new things impact in the world . I think that even though your new things are failed , it 's very better experience . Therefore , rather than doing what other successful people made something , creatively think about tring to make new things that can impact among all of the world , then challenge into the world in order to show how your ability that is possible to be a successful person is existed in the world .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the idea that it is good for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . There are several reasons that I agree with the idea about this . First of all , the facts is just one of the result of the ideas and concepts . WIthout ideas and concepts , it would not generate a good solution -- fact . Second , understanding ideas and concepts will help to students to think critically and efficientlly . If students learn only the facts , they will not be able to analize why that fact is generated and where the fact is come from . Third , fact cannot be changed because it is just a fact . The answer is all the same , so if students learn only facts , they do not know what they should do when the trouble and problems are arise . If students understand ideas and concepts more than it is for them to learn facts , students will be able to think more critically and productively . If students just learn the fact , they will just the follow the rule and they cannot find the other way to solve the problem . Therefore , I agree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
(HIN,high) The topic at hand is whether it is better , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or detailed and specialized knowledge of one particular subject . I feel that depending upon the scope of application of the knowledge of a person , the requirement can be broad or specific . The reasons are as follows : Certain professions for example that of a medical practitioner , requires him to have a broad based knowledge of the human body , the interliks between various parts and what effects a medicine for a particular disease could have on any otherbody part . Software professionals on the other hand donot necessarily need to have broad based knowledge of the functioning of the computer or its parts . For them a specialization in programming languages , web page designing etc is what is required . Basically it is the application of the knowledge and using innovations that is important . For the case of a doctor , the more he knows the better he applies the overall knowledge . Then teachers of physical sciences for example need to have proper knowledge of subjects like physics , chemistry , mathematics , so that they are able to impart knowledge in a comprehensive way to the students and not poder over the doubts of the students . A chemist or a molecular bilogist needs to have specialized knowledge on the specific fields , but less of other academic disciplines . Students on the other hand need to have broad based knowledge upto a certain level of educaton wherein all those subjects are addressed to which may find application , though not in great detail ahead in his proffessional career or practical life . After a certain level it depends upon the career path of the student , whether he chooses to specialize on a subject or increase his range of broad based knowledge . Due to the endless ken of knowledge that could be accumulated , the nature of knowledge that could be possessed really depends upon the task at hand , the purpose for which it is required .
(FRE,high) It goes without saying that young people are often considered as happy people , whereas an old person epitomizes the lack of energy , or even death . Indeed , young people stand for happiness , they are often said to be very carefree , they enjoy life . Part of the reason is probably because they are very close to the outbreak of life , they represent life as such . On the contrary , old people remind us that life is short , they encapsulate death , the diseases . They often have health problems , so that they are not considered as people who enjoy life , nowadays , when eternal youth is extolled in the medias , as evidenced by the surge in aesthetic surgery over the past few years , which is a way for old people to keep looking young . Moreover , they have achieved everything in their life , so one might assume they have no goal to reach anymore , they have no reason to keep alive . For examples , some researches pointed out that it 's very difficult for old people to find a job since the enterprises balk at hiring them , people assume they are inefficient , or at least less efficient than young people . On the contrary , young people are often dynamic , they yearn for action , they are said to have a lot of activities , to be ambitious , unlike old people . However , this assertion can be disparaged as unduly pessimistic , and not a jot warts and all . Indeed , this vision of the issue is outright shallow , since there is a lot of activities for seniors , they have accomplished everything , they have worked during their whole life , so they consider their old days as the time when they finally can relax , have a lot of leisure , do whatever they want because they do n't have to work anymore , they have a lot of free time , hence the surge in activities for old people , like sports , language courses , etc . A lot of old people do a lot of activities with their grand children , they have a lot of time to spend with them . On the other hand , young people are in the outset of their life , insofar as they must worry about their future , their job , etc. they are pressured into succeeding in life , they have to work hard , and it 's a tremendous obsession , that 's w they are probably less carefree than old people .
(TEL,medium) The given topic that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communites is a controversial one . on one hand young people help their communities . on the other hand young people do not give enough time to help their communities . however finally i would like to go with young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . In the present era most of the young people have become self centered and they are not in a mood to know about the problems of the world . they are always seeking their own comforts . for example consider that if robbers has entered into the neighbours house of a man and he comes to know that , first he is taking care of the valuables in his house rather than helping his neighbour . nowadays the young people are lacking in the moral and ethic values . they have become worse than the birds.i.e.if a crow is died or wounded then large number of crows gather at that place and shout , but when it come to people if a person met with an accident on a road most of them are passing as if they dont see that incident . They are not even calling the ambulance . instead of this they may comment that it is his recklessness . According to me this system has to change , each human should help others . One person has to help atleast three persons in his life and instead of seeking thanks from them that person has to ask those three individually to help three others . now nine people has benifited and these nine has to help to three others each individually . Like this if the chain has followed the the society will change and all the human beings can live hapilly . The conclusion is that man is a social animal . he will depend on others some time . if he helps others only the others will help hin in his necessities . So the young people has to spend time to help others and his communities because he is going to rule the world some day .
(SPA,medium) At the University I only could take subjects that were related to my carrer , that was Business . I think it was n't positive at all because I wanted also to take other subjects related to arts and some of history too . Instead I cannot say that how I learn was n't good , because after all I 'm very focus and specialice in what I 'm working now and that is because of the way I learn at the University . The first thing I would like to make is that there are a lot of strongs advantage to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because it give you a general knowledge in differents fields . That is very important for example when you go to a social event , you meet there a lot of different people and so you have many types of coversations you can talk about not only things that you are studing at the moment . Another advantages to have knowlwdge in differents subjects is that you became in a very culture person , an interesting person and you will never be a boring person who does n't like to talk whith . Though there are strongs advantage to have broad knowledge of many academic there are also many advantage to specialize in one specific subject . There are many people who prefer specialize in one specific subject because so the could concentrated better in the things that they are studing and they could take more advantages of that . In addition I have to say that the way I learn at the university that was specialize in one subject is helping me a lot right now at work . Because I think that in this way I have more knowledge about the decitions that I have to make in every problem that are presented everyday . In conclusion , I have have to say that I will prefer both . For me is very important to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because it make you a knowledge person in differents fields and it is also important to specialize in one specific subject because it help you a lot in the things that you are going to do in the futuru . The best choise for me is try to merge o mix both . If I have the opportunity I would do it for sure !
(TEL,medium) I agree that successful people do find new things from there experienced knowledge . Because there is nothing is not invented by the people , how the new things are producing day by day . so , people used to try for the new things by apllying there skills and abilities on the pertucular work . Definitely one day they get success in there feild . Like nowadays we are using different things which are we dont know how they are made and invented . Behind thereid most hard work and greal knowledge of people who inventing them . Trying to find new things is very much intrested and more imagination power should require . People are very talented that they are inventing different types of new things , that we ever seen before . These successful people are very intresting persons because their thoughts are amazing , unpreditable . Because they have greate talent , good knowledge in their work , and mainly the strong ability to do the work by any cost time . They are very energetic to find new things . But the people who are doing in the work which is already know by them is not a greate thing . Because doing the regular work brings us boring and tired at work . Then they become the lazy fellows . their 's mind alway taking rest . They do n't want to take risk in their life . Its not a good idea . They have to think in different ways like how the world is moving fast . How the people grow day by day . such a new ideas brings them also in a sufficient way . Finally , I concluded that successful people will always stand at top of world . They get many oppertunities to develope new things for their company and the society . successful people never work for them , they work for the nation and for the owl world . Successful people are like the scientists , they think always diffrerently . But think positive and good for all . These people had many ideas in there mind and they enable put them in practicle . They should have greate future . `` A successful people will try until get the good results , and never stop trying ''
(SPA,high) Nowadays there is great controversial over the time young people spend helping their communities . Many years ago , it was very common seeing young people helping their communities in activities such helpings in churchs , schools and so on , during last years old people have noticied it has decreased the number of youths who help their communities . From my point of view , it is a matter of fact that the number of young people who helped in their communities has decreased in last decade . For instance , when i went to my church ten or fifteen years ago me and my friends helped to do all the things that the preacherman could not do by himself ; but as we have grown up there are no young peolpe who help in church and , in fact , the elder ones are those who help the preacherman in order to go on with the mass . There are many reasons that can help to understand this problem . In the first place young people are so ineterested in new technologies that they are forgetting so important values such as family or friends . What i mean is that they spend so many hours playing with computers or watching TV that they forget what is really important in life which , i believe , is the people around you including family , friends and , of course , your community . It is obvious that if you do not care about your family you will not care about your community . On the second place , we live in such a competitive society that parents do not spend enough time with their children to educate them in the same as they were educated by their eldests . As a result , young people have not received the learnings of helping those around them . If you ask to me , i think that the lack of help from young people is an important problem because it is producing a great seperation between the young and old people in their communities , and the only way to resolve it is give a better education to the little ones in order to avoid this problem in the future .
(TUR,medium) Most advertisements are making products seem much better than they are even thoug others are not . Firstly , I used some products which was not as useful as it was in the commertial . Secoundly , most advertiesments are showing increadable usage of their products . That is why I think most advertisements are making their products seem better than they are . I used some make up products in order to relieve some skin problems . Its advertisement was very good prapere becouse it was shown as a really good product . However , when I tried it , it did not work well . Most of advirtisements are the same . When people use them , people see that they are not as good as they were shown in In addition to this , most of the advertiesments are showing many increadable things and most of them do not seem true . For example , a acne cleaning jel advertiesement is showing how the product is effective . the advertiesment is telling that acne problem will disappear in 1 week . This is not posiable . Even though people who has acne problems use increadably good product , acne problem can not disappear in one week . On the other hand advertisers are using some famous stars in order to make their advertisers better . Even though they use famous people I do not believe this kinds of advertiesments . That is why I do not prefer to buy products have this kinds of advertisements .
(KOR,low) Many people talk about the success becuase it is very important our life . Most of people hope to be successful people , and they try to do what they already know how to do well . However , I disagree with this opinion . There are several reasons . Getting the successful is very hard because many people already effort to find the good part of successful . If some guy wants to result the best , he would find new field . For example , my grandfather has big computer company . When he was so young , he really hope to get a lof of money and be the high statues people . He tried to work field of computer 30 years ago . Many people said to him that computer business had high risk and unfamilier that times . But , he eventually get the success through the stroung spirits . According to the Korea Times , liking the take the risk people have more high social statues than the other people . Tend to enjoy the adventure and try some new thing personalities are the successful option in the modern global society . In conclusion , I agree that successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
(ARA,medium) Advertisements are very important influence and useful in our life in many subjects . From this i agree with the following statement ( most advertisements make products seem much better than the really are ) . As i said advertisements are important in improving the selling of a product . Without advertisements people do not know or hear about product unless they have tried it , so advertisements show people a product , make them aware of it , and make the product familiar to them . Let us take an example about an example of an advertisement of a specific car wher a beautiful girl or a celebrity is riding it and racing a lion and beat him , that advertisement will increase the selling of that car . Otherwise advertisements are not always honest about every qualities of a product . Either way , advertisements make prouducts seem much better than they really are . Advertisements expand the popularity of a product and make it very common and adorable , because of the picture and the show that present . They provide the best pictures of a product and hide the worst . Everyone is interesting in advertisements , follows and watch them to see what are new and good and cheap , and after that go buy the product . In the reality the product will differ from what is in the advertisment , because the advertisement makes it the best and does not have any mistakes . In this situation you can not blame the advertisements because their work is to make products seem much better than they really are .
(ITA,high) This issue has been discussed widely within the already established literature , and , obviously , it is a very interdisciplinary topic . We could discuss about the relationships between reality and ideas referring to very different conceptual fields , and , hence , using very different theoretical systems . According to my sociological preparation , I would discuss the topic considering the social implications of understand facts and ideas , within the overarching context of education . As a first point , we should define what is an idea and what is a fact . Defining them could be important in order to continue with the discussion . If we conseder an idea as a totally autonomous concept within the individual process of defining reality , I will state that ideas are useless , not being based on experience . Coherently with the Kant 's thinking , the process of construction of the world can be defined as the filling process of some categories `` boxes '' . These boxes are defined as the basic visions of the reality [ i.e. the causal relationships between phenomena ] , and in order to be productive for the undertsanding of the world they have to be filled by specific external experiences . Therefore , it is my opinion that ideas cannot be considered as separate and independent concepts form the reality , but rather that they are influenced , and they influence at the same time , our perception of the world , and , consequently , the way we act within it and the way we create our identities . In order to come back to the statement you provide me , I absolutely do n't think that it could be possible to think about ideas and expertise in a separate way , and so the core and hidden question behind that sentence is : how do ideas and experiences are related within the preparation of the students . In practise , in order to have a well-working and a long - end didactic we should provide a real experience for each concept or ideas we want to teach . The experience I 'm talking about is not supposed to be strictly based on a practical action [ as going outdoor and see the trees after a lesson on plants ] , but it could be simply providing some practical examples about the matter of study . On the other side , experience is always influenced by ideas embedded in our society and , of course , in our indentity [ considered as an idea of undertsand ourself and the others in relaton to us ] . Teaching clear and coherent ideas is a starting point in order to have a complete experience of the empirical world . In conclusion , ideas and experience are totally interlinked each other and mutually influenced , in a dialectic way .
(HIN,high) Happiness and enjoyment is a perception and has no relation with age . I donot agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . When a man is young , he has to make a career and has a lot of responsibilities on his shoulders . Though he is more physically active , but he may not have the resources to enjoy the way he wants . His social and personal obligations would keep him occupied all the time . On the other hand a person who has the time and resources and has got the maturity to understand his needs , can live a happier life . He knows what would give him pleasure and would not merely experiment with things . He knows the value of time and money and would utilize it more effeciently . Enjoyment is not just going to night clubs or do adventure sports . A person can enjoy a stroll in th park or a sun tan on the beach . But for enjoyment you need a relaxed mind . A mind free of tensions and anxieties . I see more older men , who have achieved their goals enjoying life than their younger counterparts . I went for a cruise this year end with my parents and girlfrend . There were people from all walks of life and different generations on the ship . People were enjoying their heart out but to my surprise it was the older people who were looking happier . There was a newly married couple who were on their honeymoon and had a room next to me . I could listen to their fights every night . There was another couple who didnot have much time to talk as the guy was always busy on his laptop and the cellphone . Majority of the young people did not look happy and satisfied . They had goals to be achieved . They didnot have time to sit back and enjoy their accomplishments . They had worries which could not leave them even on a vacation . A person who cannot maintain a balance between his personal and professional life cannot enjoy life . Therefore , I feel an older person can enjoy life more than a young person does .
(HIN,medium) I totaly agree with the statment that successful people try new things and take risk rather than doing the monotonus work , which he knows how to perform well . A successfull person always shows detremination , try to act differently , exploring new idea & ready to take challenge . Successful person knows ho get new achievment , he must have to perform differently , skillfully on different things than a normal person to get success in his life . He always in search new idea & try to implement it . For example , Edision , he discoverd the bulb after faced so many failure . but he never loose his hope and try to learn from his mistake and this approach make him a successfull person . Moreover , a successfull person is determined what he has to do & try it untill he get the success . He knows his path is fill with lot of difficulties but he also knows that after success , he get lot of admiration & praise , which is more valuable then the difficult he face during the work to achieve the success . For example , Tanmaya , one our technical head , he started his career as a apprentice but today he bacome the head of technical team , just a span of 3 year . The only thing , which help him to achieve this success is his determination and ready to take any challenge . I realy admire him for his stun performance . According to me , he is a successfull person in his life . In sum , a person is successfull if he ready to do something new , take any challenge/risk , determine & skillfull . This above mention qualities make a person to able to handle any situation adroitly in his life ( social life & professional life ) .
(SPA,high) I disagree with the statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' . I disagree mainly by three reasons . First , even though the tour guide is an specialist in the zone or city that you are going to visit and you can get a more complete knowledge of that zone or city , I think that a good book of the city can supply in a correct way the knowledge of the tour guide . A good book have history of the city , routes of interest , architectural and archeological points to visit and legends of the city among other things . Using a book of the city in your travel can help you both to acquire the knowledge that you would acquire with the tour guide and to plan the route to follow . Second , when you travel with a tour guide , you have the schedules restriction . For example the plan says 8 am breakfast , 9 am visit to the museum , 1 pm eating ... And you have to respect the schedule . You do not have enough freedom . On the other hand , when you travel without a tour guide , you can assign the time that you want to the different activities . If you want , you can get up more late in the hotel , or if the visit to the museum is bored , you can end the visit and go to drink a coke or visit other thing . In other words , you can assign the time to every activity , and not be restricted by an schedule . You can enjoy the places by the time that you want , no by the time that a tour guide wants . Third , traveling with a tour guide , restrict you the route or itinerary . For example your travel can be limited to 7 or 8 places and you can not add or quit a place . Traveling with a tour guide will allow you to decide wich places to visit . Your travel will not be limited by a determined number of places . If you want you can add or quit places to visit , the route is not fix . You can visit the places that most attracts your attention . In conclusion , for me is more exciting to travel without a tour guide because I can get more freedom in my travel and I can decide which places to visit and for how many hours . I am not limited by the schedules or routes of a tour guide .
(ARA,high) Knowledge is one of the most important things a person can gain throughout his lifetime experience . It can be considered as the tool to be used throughout his life in order to prove himself as an effective person in his soceity and surrounding . Some people believe that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject , and others believe the opposite . I personally agree with this statement since having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects can further strengthen the person 's personality and broaden his horizons . Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects can help the person improve his thinking skills and his creative vision . I strongly believe that all areas of knowledge complete each other , so if a person knows about Math , Science , History , Art , Music , Language and other areas of knowledge , he will be able to view life and its different situations in a better way than a person who is narrow minded by only one specific subject . Although some people may think that speicalizing in one specific subject can be better , since the person get to have a closer look at the subject and get hold of every single detail of it and become an expert in it , i believe that in order to become a better person and improve different dimensions of one 's personality , the person should experience different situations and different ways of knowledge that will all help in the building of one 's thoughts and beliefs . When thinking of that subject , I actually realise how effectively the International Baccalaureat Dimploma program has helped me gain a vast and broad knowledge of many academic subjects and areas of knowledge , which have surely helped me build my personality and become a better critical thinker and a well rownded person . Finally , I belive that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is very important , but not to forget the fact that if one has a certain area of knowledge he/she is interested in , there is no problem in learning more about it and going into its details as long as a broad knowledge of the various areas of knowledge and issues is present at the same time .
(ITA,high) Today , the television , the so-called TV , is constantly dropping on us bombs of advertisements in an infinite number and often the relation between the product exposed and his real qualities is broken , like in advertisements with diet systems , fantasic lotteries or toys , and all that is done in order to sell the more as possible . The most clear example of the statement are the advertisements of diet systems : they are exposed like some kind of miracoulous thing that , while we are continuing to live our life , can make us lose a lot of weight without any physical effort , and often they have no effects or collateral effects on the users , attracted by an easy way to improve theirselfs . Another fake thing are the advertisements where we can easily win something special like a car , a travel or a lot of money by apparently doing something with a less greater importance , like buy some books or a certain number of a determinate object . Then we can discover that it 's quite impossible for us to win that fantastic thing that we wanted , or that this thing is n't really so great as we can expect . But the most attacked targets are the children ; thousands of toys or games advertisements are daily transmitted from our television , and they reach directly the imagination of the chlid that is watching them . Often this toys do on the screen a lots of things that they ca n't really do , and this thing is `` casually '' specified with some very , very little phrases transmitted in a quite invisible way near the border of the television screen , so that a child ca n't read or even notice them . In conclusion , is absolutly true that a lot of advertisements about products , like these described , makes these products something incredible , unbeliveble , fantastic , and often they are really much worse of what we can see and think but , as a result , they make us lose a lot of money in a useless way .
(TEL,low) We have all kinds of people in our society . some people are successful and some people wo n't . But I feel successful are some some maverik they try out new things they take risks in there work to gain success . I agree to the following statement `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' I have many examples to explain the above statement but I choose one of that is the maverik actor , director and singer kamal hassan . he has been successful in his acting career because he tries new things rather repeating story or anything else sometimes he fails to gain profit on introducing movie . but he never stops to try different things in industry . for example he introduce a special movie in that they was no speeach or we can call speeachless movie he dare to produce this flim which was a great success in his career and he did not stoped producing different as such as this . but sometimes he fails to break the box office but he did not stoped producing such movies . Now he had got 17 flimfare awards and he has called the greatest actor in indian flim industry
(ITA,medium) In my opinion I think it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects instead ofspecializing in one specific subject . I believe it is not so easy to specialize jonly in one thing because there will be always something you will not be able to know . Suppose you are a person who has been always interested in one thing during his life : people would expect him to have always the right answer at the right time . But what happens if the person does not know the answer ? People will be disappointed and will consider the person not so well prepared as they thoughtbecause is not even able to answer to what he has to know . Several often it is easier to criticise instead of asking ourselves why the `` specialist '' could not answer the question . It is also important to consider that the specialist will be disappointed too because he could not demostrate he is a real specialist . He may start doubting about himself and he maybe give up about what he is doing . In order to avoid this embarassing situation , you may prefer to have a broad knowledge about several and different subjects . I think there are two reasons for it . First of all , you can improve your cultural background and you will always be able to understand most of the topics people may discuss . The other thing is that people will come to you asking some help . if you can help them , you will impress them and they will realize you are a person with a good education ; if you cannot help them , they will understand you because they know you are not a specialist and you are not supposed to know everything .
(KOR,high) There are lots of perspectives and opinions about the number of cars in use in the future . Some people think that we will have plenty of cars as the days are going by , however , I definitely think that we have fewer cars in our future than today . I 'd like to represent my argument based on the three following reasons : the shortage of fuel , the mass transportation , and restrictions . First of all , we are going to face the shortage of fuel . As we know , cars definitely rely on fossil fuel such as oil and gas . Without fuel , no cars can be moved and worked . Current and future situation related to the shortage of fuel will lead us to hesitate to buy and produce new cars . Furthermore , development in our science allows lots of countries to build well-developed mass transportations such as subway and express trains and convienent bus system . Increasingly , people will prefer to utilize mass transportations rather than to drive their own car when shopping , going to work , and travelling . Developed system in mass trasnsportation will casuse a revolutionary commuting habits to city dwellers . Lastly , we are expecting governmental restictions on using cars in near future . Currently in my home country , car drivers have to pay high tax and fee for causing trafffic jam and environmental burden . Environemntalists strongly suggest that car producers and car purchasers have to pay more money for using car . In addition , many people agree to the idea because they want to take clean air in . Government has no choice but impose more fee and tax for using cars , and will create various way to prohibit car owners from using cars . In short , I absolutely believe that we will have fewer cars on the road in near future based on the above-mentioned reasons . Shortage of fuel and governmental restrictions will make drivers hesitate and at the same time , they will choose to take mass transportation .
(ARA,low) in my oponion and my life experinces i agree with this satmant the people who is successful always try to do anew things that is not done befor and looking forward to found and descover new things , for example a professor in universty who is succesed in his reseach always try to find a new ideas for rearch and develpment , wher the researcher try do new experment he may affect him self for a kind of risk a becouse he do something new and investegate some thing that 's no one do befor . successful person may investegate a new things that cause allow the secince to go on and reach a new level of technolgy and advaice all this can be done by the person who try to find some thing new and he do n't acre about the risks on the other hand the tradional person who alwys do and repete the use the known methdo to do things will be never add anything to sicene and technology and they stel need other to learn the the new method to do thing sueccful person should alwys try to find somthig new in and investegate and method to do thing becouse this enable the this person to do the same this in more than one way and this give him self confiedt , rather than the tradional person who just repet somthin known at the end any socal need succeful people to take this soical forward not trantional people , but they must take kare when they do a new thing nd discover new method .
(JPN,medium) I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Nowadays , advertisements are every convinient . We can simply stay our homes and buy anything we want without going anywhere . However , we should know that advertisements are not only for customers , but also retailers . In order to sell more products , advertisements make the products seems better than themselves . Eventhough they do not want to buy them , retailer let them consider buying the products . In my opinison , the reasons why we think the products are actually better than themselves are , inaccurate estimations , skilled retailer 's saling . First , we have a lot of way to get information , such as internet , or TV shows . Since these are immediate enviroment for our modern society , the advertisements affect us a lot . However , beause of the well established network , customers tend to buy the products without seeing them . If we do not see the product , less likely estimated accurately . For example , e-bay is the major shopping tool these days . We buy products without seeing them . I have a experience that the test I bought seems like intact from the picture on the internet , however , it was water damaged . If I could get the text at bookstore , I will not have this kinds of problem . Second , there are many well developed way to sell a products . They know what the customers wants . They like to buy a nice product with unexpensive price . It can be less expensive than reasonable price . The retailer use discounts or limiting number of selling products and try to attract customers attension . In this moment , customers tend to think it is reasonalble or not rather than it is good products or not . Therefore , the price of products distruct the customers ' attension toward price . To conclude , beauce of inaccurate estimations and distructing by the price of product , we seems buy products wich are actually not as good as they expected . Therefore , we should aware of what we want , and what we need . We should think twice that advertisements are not as good as we think . In this way , we less likely think that advertisements make products seem much better than really are .
(KOR,low) As the technology kepp developing , now days , people watching television a lot . In the television , they are able to get some information . Many women watching shopping chennel . However , the company , they advertised their products seem the way better than what it really does . Normally , women are go to shoppingor watching somthing kind of shopping chennel . Therefore they buy many things from shopping chennel . But they usually get disappoint , becuase the product was not good engough as from advertisement . In additionaly , consequently , they call to the company to pay back . It is the one of way to they ( company ) sell their products . They make advertisements that make products seem much better . Also I 'd experience this . About 6 years ago , in television , it advertised a thing that is able to clean up dirty things on shirt . My mom thought that is remarkable idea , so she bought it . Consequently , she disappointed that product . It did n't work as it does from an advertisement . My father is a professor in university and majored ` Department of Communication ' or something related to advertisement . I ask my father that `` why they ( company ) are making an advertisement that make their products seem like good ? '' He said that is the one of the ways to they sell it , to make benefits for them . Also there are many things that are working , but mostly , the products are not workig good enoguth than what it showed from an advertisement .
(GER,high) I could imagine that this statement might become true . Several reasons lead me to this conclusion . First , in the future jobs in agriculture will be replaced by more technology . As a consequence the people will move into towns . There are trams , subways and buses , so a car is no longer needed . Second , in future times will be ( hopefully ) more conservation . People will try to reduce emissions , so they will share buses and will use trains . I could imagine that globalization will contribute to a reduction of cars , too . A better connection of cities , countries and continents will be neccessary . More flights , for example , will exist . Because I live in Germany , let 's look at my country . If I live in Berlin and have to work in Munich , I have the choice to go by train , plane or car . The advantage of the car is that there is no specific time when I have to start from Berlin , I can decide on my own . Today , the plane and the train have fix times of departure . The disadvantage of the car is the long traveling time . But imagine , in the future more and more people have to travel between Berlin and Munich because of the globalization . Much more trains and planes will be . Then there will no longer be the question `` Will I go by plane/train or by car ? '' because it simply takes too long . As you can see , here the car is replaced , too . Another reason for fewer cars might be a raise of working time . In the future people propably have to work more than today , so they will have less leisure time . A a result they will have less time to drive out of the city to see the nature , for example . A car is not neccessary any more , because in town they will , as already mentioned , have trains and buses . In conclusion I can say that I can imagine very well that there will be fewer cars in use in future and I really do hope so because then there would be less emission which contibute to the depletion of the ozon layer .
(FRE,low) I think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because when you learn a fact you do n't have any explication about what you learn you just have to believe and everybody have the same opinion about it why it is important to understand an idea ? because you can study the idea and be agree with or not in the case of you do n't agree with the idea or the concept you have the possibility to give your opinion , students are more comfortable when they understand something because that ' why we go to school ! when we talk about an idea or concept it means that opinion will be different between the students everybody can tell his opinion contrary to when you learn a fact. a fact is generally something everybody knows because we learn it from school or my our parent without really know why it is like this and not otherwise . concept id diferrent because we can talk about and find a respond to a better understnading
(CHI,high) I think that it depends on what is the field of the academic subjects you are studying . If the acadmic subjects is about science or other similar subjects which need some professional knowledge , that will need to specialize in the specific subject . If the academic subjects is about education , bussiness or other similar subjects , that will need to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . In my concentration , education , I think I need the broad knowledge of academic subjects . To have broad knowledge of a lot of subjects is very important in studying education . Teaching has a lot of works to do . If you want to make the learner understand what you are talking about , you will need to explain . But if you know less , how can you make your learner understand what you want to talk about ? The only way to solve the problem is to try to explain in many different ways untill your learner can know what you are talking about . That is why you need to have broad knowledge . Because when you know more , you can teach more and you can make more people understand what you want to talk about . In other hand , if your subject is in those subjects which needs professional knowledge , it is better to speclialize in one specific subject . Take science as an example : if you are studying the molecular biology , you needs many professional knowledge about biochemistry or molecular biology . If you can know more , you will study more . That will need more specific knowledge to make you learn more . That is the reason you need to keep on studying specific knowledge . To get the conclusion , my opinion of this topic is that it depends on what kind of subject you are studying . If the subject you are studying needs to explain or combine other knowledge , you will need to learn more from other subjects . But if your subject needs the professional knowledge , you would better to keep on studying more in your specific knowledge . That is the only way to help to learn more and better .
(ARA,medium) Let us imagine that you own a restaurent and you work so hard in order to get your restaurent succeeded and famous in a certain region . here are the ideas of a successful work and people . Succussful people should try new things and take risks than doing what they already know because of many advantages including to get his work succeeded and to creat new things . Firs of all you should always think of a new ideas such as new recipes and new decorations . changing the menu and adding new meals after a while could creat a different taste to your restaurent . You will not give the customes a chance to get bourd of your meals ; however , you will get thim conected to you restaurent each while because one of your new meals might be one of your cusotmers favorite meals . Also you should try and visit diffirent restaurents so that you might get a new ideas to decorate your restaurent . And you should also try to put advertizments in different newspaper . Taking risks has some rules in the field of your businesses . First , you should take a risk and try to open other part of your original restaurent in any famous areas suche as in Portland down town , you have the chance to compete with other restaurents . In addition , competing with the hard work get your restaurent to earn its equal opportunity of being famous and with enough customers . on the other side , you should not put to much mony in one thing like just focusing on decoration . in conclusion , successful people always try to creat or come up with new ideas and take a posetive risk . On the other hand , unuccessful people mostly do not try to creat and come up with new ideas and take a posetive risks .
(ITA,medium) Many people believe that young people nowadays do n't give enought time to helping their communities , other people , instead , say that the young people are nearest than the old people , at the their communities problem . On the one hand , the younge people have most problem nowadays . In fact , in this years the world is change , because there so many criminals and the cities aren-t safety as twenty years ago . I 'm a young boy , and I can see with my eyes the change of my city . For the young people is not easy to live in this jungle ... Secondly the young people nowadays than twenty years ago , going at school and at university and the time are so little .. in fact , I 'm a student and when I come back to the university I haven-t many time to dedicate for my hobbies ... or other job . The new young people spend most of the daily time at school !! On the other hand , is true the fact that more young people , often , when come back home , play at videogames or speack between other boys and girl , with internet ... instead can use this time for help their communities . But this new generations , is the generation of internet and is more difficult to teach the importance of the community . To sum up , the young people have few time to dedicate at their hobbies , but when they have a free time , their use this precious hours for videogames , internet ... and other hobbies . In my opinion , I 'm a student and I attend at University of Milan , I have very few time ... but at the week end , when I return to my house , I think at my community . At Sunday I organize with my friends , the games for the children of my town , and I 'm happy because I see the smile on the face of these children . Is in these moments that i can say that I have do somethings of good .
(FRE,high) A lot of people are saying that , in twenty years , cars might start disappearing slowly . But is this prediction relevant ? Our modern world is going to face , in a few decades , many issues related to oil and the fact that our civilisation is nearly a hundred percent based on its consumption . Indeed , oil resources are not eternals and some consequences of its incomming lack are already being faced : prices are going up and important political decisions ( such as going to war ) are being taken . Moreover , virtually all scientists agree that the greenhouse effect is going to change our world if we do n't do something . All those things might lead to the slow discrease of the number of cars . They pollute too much and might become too expensive . But , to me , saying that this change will occure within twenty years is false . Indeed , specialists estimate that the oil resources will still last for fifty years . Moreover , developping countries , like China or India , are becoming huge customers of the car industry . All this tend to say that the number of car will still grow for , at least , twenty years ... But yet , some changes can be seen around the world : new types of cars are being created . Thus , I think that the car will never desc : it is just going to evolve to meet our needs ! Cars will be running with new types of energies like hydrogen or solar energy . They might become smaller that the cars we know , include an autopilot mode , have a totally different shape or even fly . But still they will be cars ! The concept of car will never disappear because people need their independance , they need to feel free to go where ever they feel like and on their own . This is to say that public transport wo n't ever outcome cars ... So the car of the futur wo n't , probably , look like or even run like the ones we have now , it might be a plane , a car and a boat at the same time , but it will never disappear . All this makes me think that saying the number of cars will decrease in a twenty years time is irrealistic .
(GER,high) Although I can understand why some peolpe have the impression that young people today are not engaging themselves enough to helping their communities , I disagree with this statement . I have three reasons for my opinion . First , in my view , young people have to dedicate most of their time to their education and career . As the unemployment rate in most countries increases year after year this is the only way for young people to asure themselves a job in the future . For example , young people have to attend college or university , they have classes during the day and usually homework to do in the evening . Some students also have to work part-time to be able to afford the university fees . Second , a lot of young people are planing their own family when they are still young . When you have children on your own you need time to raise them . Children need a lot of attention as they always have so many questions about the world and a lot of reasearch papers state that the intellectual capabilities of children are influenced most at a very young age . So parents should take all the time they need to raise their children and explain everything to them . Finally , I am convinced that even though young people do not have a lot of free time , still many of them do engage themselves to helping their communities . I would like to give two examples of the community I live in . In our community especially young people are part of the First Aid Team of the local Red Cross . They spend their time doing different volunteer services , like medical help or entertainement for older people . Furthermore , the Fire Department of our town has a special youth organization for people aged below 17 years . For the last five years the volunteer members of this youth organization have increased steadily . Concluding , I think that young people today have a lot of important activities and obligations like their own education or the founding of their own family which prevent them from giving more time to helping their communities . But I also have the impression that young people still engage in their free time as much as they can to improve their communities ' conditions .
(JPN,medium) Some poople in Japan , where I live , disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . However , I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping communities for the following reasons . First , school often says that young people have to spent their time studing . For example , My son studies at Shudo Highschool , a private achool in Hiroshima where locates western part of Japan . He wants to communicate wiht our neighborhood . But , he always have many assignments and can not attend a community meetig . In japan , exam scores are most important so young people have to study hard to get high score . In consequent , young people have no time to helping their communities . Second , there are few communities in our neighborhood so if young people want , they can not spend thier time helping their communitiew . For example , when I was a junior highschool student there were many communities around us and spent much time to helping our communities . Now , in Japan , people often do not know who lives in thier neighborhood . We do not know each other so there are few communities around us . Because there are few communities , young people do not give enogh time to helping their communities . If there were many communities , young people would give enogh time to helping their communities . Terefore , I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
(HIN,high) I agree with the statement `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' . Knowledge is the underlying point here in the statement , enough about a single subject or a substantial amount of many subjects . The main idea , of having a broad knowledge is far more beneficial than to specialize in one specific subject . Knowledge has to be something which is diverse , not just about a single field or a subject . It has to be a collection of everything . Being in touch or knowing things at a broader level has much more to do in today 's competitive world . Although we require specialists too , but diversity is what is needed more . In terms of studying subjects , sticking to one field or topic definitely limits one 's potentials . Whereas studying subjetcs at a broader level adds to a more intellect and a overall study . A person , specializing in a particular field or a subject remains limited to that field itself . Therefore , resulting in a kind of ignorance of the other fields or the subjects around . In contrast , a broad study of different subjects keeps a finger on every field around . For example : A person studying Physics or specialising in this particular subject , will remain very centered around the subject alone . Going thorough with the subject , even in Physics the person will needs to have some knowledge about an another subject , say , ` Mathematics ' during his study . So in such a case , he/she will have to seek some other individual 's help . In other words the person is not fully equipped with all , he needs to complete his work . Had the person have had studied different subjects , it would have been fare more easier . A person who has a broad knowledge of various subjects ( physics and maths too ) , is capable enough of solving things by himself/herself and also at a much broader and higher level . And moreover having a broad knowledge increases a person 's over all grip on diverse fields and areas of study . Finally , rather than being immersed in a single field of knowledge , it is more beneficial to have a broad knowledge of different fields . In simple words , as the word ` broad'itself implies and suggests in having a more broader vision , understanding , and above all a better practical application of knowledge .
(TUR,high) Students always discusss the what we learn from this lessons and always ask each other that can we understand main subjects or concepts . However these are the wrong questions . The right questions must be taht it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . I believe that to be able to understand main ideas and concepts is more important to see more easilly see and understand facts of the life and to apply the concepts daily life Firstly ; to understand the main concepts and ideas is important to learn basic pincibles of the lessons and world . Knowing only the facts is not benificial to see how thi fact is formed . Hwever ; if students learn main concepts and ideas they can see and find their facts easily . To illustrate , without knowing and understanding ideas conceppts of Newton 's law student can not explain the reason falling of an apple from tree . Secondly , for the following life of students , business life , knowing only the facts is not enough . At business life , people face with different problems so without understanding concepts of the subjects a oeron can not solve the problem that faced with . To illustrate in an cement factory , temperature of the kiln must be preserved and controlled . if there is a problem an engineer shoul b solve the problem . To solve the problem , it is not enough the know temperature change will give damage the system . An enginer must be understand all system and basic princibles of the kiln and other instrument of the kiln . Furthermore , he orshe must be understand basic concepts of teh energy to attempt th problem . To sum up , for students understanding only facts is not enough . Besides knowing facts , students should be learn and understand basic ideas and concepts of the subjects and matters . This makes easy to daily life in business wo
(CHI,medium) I disagree with the statement . From my point of view , i think it is more important for students to learn the facts rather than understanding ideas and concepts . My reasons my go as the follows . Starting off with the disadvantages for learning the concept , student will have a hardship to get invoulved in the society . Although a student can be armed with lots of knowledge or deep thought , it is still unable for them to aknowledge the sofiscated society with out learning the facts . For instance , a graguade student form a well known university , it is still quite diffcult for him to find a job without any experiences . That is why universities offer many co-op programs for the students . Another point i would like to share is that learning facts can help the students with understand the ideas and principles . A perfect example for this will be the experiments in school . Many schools spend thousands of money to improve the lab facilities for student . That means students should not only learn the principles but they need to know how does the thing function in reality as well . Practise makes progress . In addition , learning the fact can help the students in handling the problems . This point happens alot on the soccer field . As well know , every team has their own plan for the game . However , things can be changed suddenly in the field . By the time the plan does not work , the players on the field have to make changes to slove the problem . And there it shows the valueable of the experienced players . They encountered this kind of facts before , so they are quite good at it . To conclude , learning the fact is more important for the students because the several reasons listed above .
(CHI,medium) Though some people think that it is more important for students to learn facts , I , personally , perfer that for students to understand ideans and concepts are more important for the following reasons . First of all , in the math class , it has a lot of formulas that we need to use when we are solving the problems . Yet , some students just mermorize the formulas and they do not really understand why this formula comes out . Therefore , they will confuse , when the questions change to which they are not familiar . In contract , students understand the idea and concept of the formula will help them easily to solve the questions . That is why most of math teacher spends a lot of time on teacing the concepts of the formulas . Second , students will easy to forget , while they only know the facts ; because they only mermorize it . They do not know the idea or concept of the meaing . For instance , the computer programming is a very hard course to some people , and they memorized all the codes in the programming class and when they are typeing they only can type the basic stuff . If they meet a more complex question then they can not do it , and they will forget the code very soon , because they do not know how to use it . Last but not least , the ideas and concepts are all made up from people . Therefore , we can not just know the facts . Once we get the concepts or ideas , we will very easy to know the whole things , and we do not need to study day and night for memorrizing whole books . Although , this is not to say learning facts are without the merit , I firmly belive that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than just learn facts .
(KOR,medium) In nowdays , traveling become easy cause of inventions of transportation system such as aircraft , automobile and high-speed train . So , many people travel led by a our gudide because of ease to travel and book the hotel and transportation . However , I disagree with traveling by a tour guide . Before , criticizing travel by tour guide , This essay will discuss about pros and cons of travel by tour guide . Travel by tour guide have some benefit to begineers to travel . Begineers has no information about where , when , and how to hang aboung specified cities . When I was traveling around Shanghai PROC , I had to travel to use a tour guide . I had no information to use mass-transportation . However , I could't find the exictement of travel . Because , traveling cites was just famous sight . The reason why I do n't support using a tour guide in two ways . First , using a tour guide is not good way to see what the people do and live . When I was traveling around Beijing , I do n't decide to use a tour guide rather than travel myself . It was hard time to travel . However everytime to try to travel , I could find some people to help me . I could see the markets where the people 's breath . Second , traveling alone can provide free time to think , comparing to travel with a tour guide . With tour guide , I only follow the schdule what he provided . So , It is n't possible to find out the thought time . However , traveling alone is possible to think the emotion where I traveled . There are pros and cons to travel by alone or group . In a group led by a tour guide would provied some excitement . However , It is better to travel alone who tastes the real excitement .
(TEL,low) I agree with the statement `` sucessful people try new things and take new risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do '' , because a successful person may have confidence which may not there in unsuccessful person . By this confidence they take risks and also works harder to get success . Avoiding pressure is the one of the important factor for a person to acheive success , but the unsuccessful persons are in pressure which leads them not to do risks at that period . A successful may ovecome the pressure which is not possible for a unsuccessful person . For example , consider business people , the person who gains profit in bussiness may try to do risks by perfoming different plans . These people can withstand for any type of result that may give profit or loss , but the person who is in loss will never try to do risks as the reason that he may face loss if the plan gives negative result which leads the person to huge ammount of loss . A successful person always need more success which leads In my conclusion , it is not possible for a unsuccessful person to do risks as a successful person can do .
(FRE,high) I believe that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts . Understanding ideas and concepts can lead to interesting debates , it can be used in our everyday life and it can also help us understanding different facts from the past . Facts are only dates and names in books or newspapers , while concepts and ideas let us imagine different possibilities through different aspects of life . First of all , understanding ideas and concepts can lead a classroom or a group of friends into an interesting debate . By exchanging opinions about a particular concept , for example , communism , we can learn new things and support our opinion by giving arguments . Understanding the ideas of our mates is also important . It gives us a chance to be in the other person 's position . It helps us to have a wider frame of mind . Secondly , being educated about many concepts and ideas can help us in our everyday life by helping us taking an important decision . For example , if you have to vote at a provincial election , you need to understand what thesis each candidate supports . You need to be aware of the consequence that each political party can bring to the population . You can develop your own opinion based on ideas and concepts , and then make a choice about the party that will get your vote . Lastly , the capability to understand concepts can help you understand different facts that happened in the past . For example , if you understand the concept of socialism in the U.S.S.R. , you will be able to understand the actual facts about Russia , such as economical difficulties , health problems and the gap between rich and poor people . In conclusion , I think that understanding ideas and concepts makes a student much richer than by simply learning facts . Facts can always be learned in books , while concepts and ideas can mostly be learned through experience !
(ITA,medium) As my boss used to say me at the beginning of my career : < Do not be afraid about the sperimentation of new things , do more than others do : no one has never been punished for doing more > . According to this phrase , I think that people who try to do new thinks normally have more chances to be successful during their own life than someone who silmpy do his/her usual job . What makes a man successful is the plus-value that he can give to the society . A lot of men could do things well , but only men who do things better than others could reach an higer level in social life . Taking risk is part of a successful person . Someone who do not try to take risks could be seen as a coward by the society . For exemple , in cartoons , a superhero is someone who normally takes risk to do something more dangerous than others normal people do . In the same way , this attitude , could be postponed in different realistic situations . In a business environement , for instance , a successful manager is in general someone who is able to `` manage '' riskfull situations ( like , for example , take strategic deciosion that could hugely impact company 's business ) . I think that taking a `` safe '' risk is something that everyone should do in order to make people more confident and more appreciated by society . This will certainly create more successful people .
(FRE,low) We live in a world where the computer are on the center of our life . And when the kids comme back to the homme after the school they do not think too , they play videogame or watch television . It is more important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is them to learn facts ? Student need to learn every body need to learn but it is not always good to learn without understand what we learn it is like a computer who do what we say to do . it can think Student are not like a computer or a machin they are allways , and befor to be a student a Men . Student can not learn without understand . they need to understand ideas for creat or for do something new . that is why a agree with this statement because , the world and the society need to have Men who can think and creat the new project who can discover and construct a better life for tomorow . For that , student need to understand ideas and concept
(FRE,high) I do n't completely agree with this statement . In a certain way , young people ( young adults ) enjoy life more than older ones , but , older people do enjoy life , at least certain aspects of it . Of course , it also depends on your definition of `` enjoying life '' . When you are young , healthy , when you do n't have responsabilities yet , you probably enjoy life : travelling , going out , practice sports . For instance , travelling requires a certain physical ability : enduring a 12 hour flight , an eight-hour jet lag , different weather ... Young people adapt more easily to these changes , while for older people , it takes more time . But the counter point of being young , is that you have to study or work to build yourself a future , so you might not have as much time as someone who is retired . Enjoying life for young people nowadays sometimes means taking drugs , which can cquse irreversable damage , and because of that , they wo n't be able to enjoy life as older people . But on the other hand , when you are older , in general , you have more money and more time to spend . For example , older people in their early retirement years . They are still healthy , they have more money than a 20 year old student , they can travel where they want , for as long as they want . But with age comes responsability . You get older , you have a family to support , you ca n't go out clubbing every Saturday night . And , when you get older , health is n't always on your side . And with a bad health it is more difficult to enjoy small pleasures of life , for example , skiing when you have a bad knee , going to a concert when your hearing is getting worse . As you grow older , your occupations change . When you are 20 , you like going to clubs and dancing all night long , but by the time you are 45 , you prefer a quiet night with a couple of friends . This is still enjoying life , just at a different level . Some people say the point of being young is to enjoy life , but what 's the point if when you 're 50 , you have a heart disease that 's unables you to do the things you like ?
(SPA,medium) The advertisement world is a big and unexplore think wich the humans of this time have to live . I am a comunications expert and it is a shame to accept that most advertisementes make products seem better than they really are . It is a true . But why I agree with the statement ? There is a simple reason : The most important thing in the advertisement world is to persuade people to buy anything , in a lot of cases , things that probably people never is going to use . There are two posiblly reasons that makes that the advertisement people do this . One is the money and the other aspect is the people 's ignorance . The money is the first reason that makes to do this . In a world when only the most powerfull survive , the money is the best way to get the things . It means , that if you have money , you have power . And it is what the bussiness men and the companies want : power . Then , if they have succesfull with their products , they are going to have money and consecuently power . For that reason is that the advertisements make productos seem so much better than they really are . The money , and the obsession for money get that the companies and the advertisement people do not take care about the quallity of the products . It is like `` if that did not work , it is better for us . Now you are obligated to buy again our product '' . The second reason why most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are is the people ignorance . For example , if you see the new product to lose fat on TV , probably you want to have this at home and in the 95 percent of the time this product is not going to help you . But the adverstisemente tell you that you need drink or eat this for five years or something like that . Then , the problem is that if the people does not enouhg information and keep in the ingnorance , they are going to buy the product during five years . But , why do you think that one simple capsule or one simple tea is going to help you to lose fat ? Do you think that is simple ? No , it is no simple . This is a large proccess that need so much time and work . But the advertisemente tell us that it is not necesaty , and we believe they . As a conclution , I think that this problem , this lie that the advertisement people give us , should have regulated by the Goberment of each country . Why ? Because it is not possible that they , for money , power and ignorance , give us a lie , a false product .
(TEL,medium) The manufacturers are using advertisements to mark their products . They are using new techniques which will attract many people . Thus increasing their market . According to me I do n't agree to the perception that , if the advertisement is good , the product is always good and reliable . Advertisement is a source used to make people familiar with a product . But it will not judge the quality of a product . Due to spending more on the advertisement , the producers are not able to invest money to increase the quality of the product , decrease the price of the product and icrease the quantity of the product . Recently there are so many problems identified with the use of prducts like coke and pepsi . The manufractures are spending more money to advertise and they are also investing lot on celebrities to make them their product 's ambessedors . But it is found that these products are causing daingerous effcts on the health of the people . Toxic substances are used in these products which cause serious health effects . They also deteriorate bones in adults and cause growth hazards in children . Children are more attracted by the celebrites . Another thing about advertisements is that , than to spend money in producing an attractive advertisement , companies should invest more on improving the quality of product that they are producing . Also buy spending more on advertisement there is no economical benefit for the consumer , in order to attract more consumers , the price of the product should be reduced . Also if the quantity is increased then more middle class people will be attracted to that product . So in my opinion the advertisements are sophasticated sources which seems to make products better than they are actually .
(TEL,medium) I agree wit hat point tha l people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they aalready know . If the person is successful them will take oppurtunity and take risk to do some thing new or to create something new . scuh that it will increase his abilty and it will gain him self confidence . if he is sucessful he will gain the prestige from other people and his name will incerese and will reach his achievement easily . so importantly the abilty to take risk wil help him to succed in his achievemnt . so he will be able to make his own ideas to create new tings exist in his work . and he will able to create the things masterly and perfectly such that it will help in many ways such that his ability to handle the things which are newer to him will be be solved in profically manner or new preventoins can be handed easily . so it will increase his abilty to do work . and most impotantly he will gain self prestige , name , fame , etc. so this will change his whole life . and dramatically he will reach new heights in his life . so where as in knowing the work you know will not increase his abilty but remian same for that period and will not increrase his abilty to master the things and he will remain same what he was and he will not gain fame and publicity for doing the job . and his creativity will be less and he dos'nt have capacity to take risk which will lead him end or not succesful at he end . And in these he wil be able to gain the self prestige for doing that job . so this will take him for failure in his life . so we have to try new things and should be capeble of taking challenges in life . so it will take him to the way of success . so more important he will increse his knowledge . and gain self respect and more importantly he will gain fame , prestige , money in our life .
(SPA,high) I am essentially agreed with this statement . Understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts for students . But in my opinion they must learn facts too . As far as I am concerned one thing implies the other . If a student does not understand ideas or concepts , he will not be able to learn facts in a proper way . We shall see this clearly with an example . If a student has to learn for his history exam the main events of the French Revolution , he can just study the main facts ( such as king 's prison and death and Robespierre 's government ) but if he does only this , he will forget them easily , even before the exam . What he should do is trying to understand the causes of the Revolution . If he knows that French people was almost starving while the queen made costume-parties at palace , he may be able to understand why the furious inhabitants of Paris took `` La Bastille '' , France 's most important jail and , consequently , he will remember easily the fact itself : the assault of `` La Bastille '' . It is true that in earlier times , when my parents studied for instance , the students were told to learn facts . Professors paid almost no attention to ideas or concepts . Nowadays , it is quite the contrary . At school , and even now , at University , we , as students , are supposed to be aware of ideas and concepts , but not of facts . They are misregarded , as unimportant information . I think that a really good education ought to cover both concepts ( which are basic to understand the causes of facts ) and facts themselves . If we do otherwise the only thing we achieve is a partial idea of what we learn . In order to clarify it more , I will give another example connected with the French Revolution . If we know that `` La Bastille '' was assaulted at 1789 , that fact signifies nothing , it is only a number . If we know that French people was upset with the king and queen in the later years of the 18th century we do n't know that at this moment the assault of `` La Bastille '' took place . We must be familiar with everything in order to get a deep , a complete knowledge of the matter .
(KOR,high) Nowadays while some people like to travel in a group led by a tour guide , others like to travel alone . Both of them have their own advantages and disadvantages . In my experience , I agree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tuor guide for several reasons . First , traveling in a group led by a tour guide can help me manage my time efficiently . A guide may know well the famous sites and places which visitors want to go and he can let me know about that within a short time . For example , when I traveled in Florida a few years ago , at that time I did not know where to go and what to do . Howeve , my aunt introduced her friend who had a guide job . She kindly offered me riding and comforable places to relax as well as let me know the most famous places such as Disney World or Sea World . Thanks to her , I did save my time of sightseeing and spend my free time efficiently . Second , traveling in a group led by a tour is more enjoyable than traveling alone for me . In a group , there are many people from different locals or countries . With these people , I can share a lot of valuable nformation and can listen to their unique experiences . It is a kind of interesting experience for my life . When I was a college student , I travel in Canada . In a group , I made some friends there , and still we keep in contact through email . Last , traveling in a group led by a tour guide can enable me to save money . He can tell me about information about the new countries such as how to spend money properly . If I do not know the local living style , I might spend more money than I would expect . To conclude , traveling alone or traveling in a group led by a tour guide have both benifits and drawbacks . However , I agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide since it can help me make a plan more efficiently and save money and it is more exciting for me .
(ITA,medium) The problem to discuss in this essay is if in the next future the number of cars will raise or not . I think it will be . To explain my opinion about this argoument I will consider two facts . First the number of cars , all others equal , is related to the growth of world population . While population is raising in the majority of the countries it 's very probable that the supply of cars will increase . It 's also important to consider the fact that many countries are leaving their status of poorty . Well this can lead to a better situation for all people who first lived with only elementary goods . This means a high probability of raising the number of cars sold . A second reason . that at a first view can fight the idea of an increase in the number of cars in the future , is the negative trend in the production of oil . It 's well known that in the next decades the oil will finish but there is a real possibility that through hydrogen we will continue to drive our cars !! Let 's view at the problems that the car 's industry will look at . At sure there is an increasing trend of governaments of many countries to support the use of public transport and to fight the use of cars . Otherway I think this is a very slow process tha will give good results in more than twenty or thirty years . A second problem is the fight supported by world organizations like ONU or Greenpeace . It 's important to point to the different problems these organizations have to face , like obstacles introduced by the most advanced countries who support industrialization . At the end I think the problems that the car industry will fight are very weak so the number of cars will rise in the future .
(GER,high) `` Why do n't you get more involved in church community activities ? '' , my father used to ask me when I was younger . In my oppinion there are a lot of factors that have to be taken in account , when analyzing the modern situation . But the trend certainly shows , that young people spend less time for helping their community . Modern improvements forced us to focus more on individuality than years before . For instance , many television advertisments show successful stars , who want to show the importance of individual potential . If you are a great actor or singer , why focusing on the community ? This will sooner or later evolve to an attitude of egoistic . Which means , I am the most important person in my life and this is what really matters . Second , young people are less bound to their evironment and requirements for a successful life changed . Today , you need to be able to adjust in a short time , for instance , to a new city or country . Otherwise , employers might choose someone else for the job . Furthermore , expactations of adults towards children changed , too . School and marks are more important than anything . As a matter of fact , students in Japan spend most of the time in school or at home , while preparing classes and learning from textbooks . There is hardly any time left for the community . Yet , the most striking factor is human lazyness . For example , when you live in a big city , you do n't rely on your neighbours . However , many people living in huge , crowded areas do not even know the people living next to them . There is no reason for communication and as long there is a possibility , that people take advantage of your friendship without giving something in return , human nature tends to refuse interaction . Supermarkets , cold stores and several other services enabled people to live independent from any community . There is obviously no need for a community . In conclusion , I agree with the statement . Roughly speaking , young people avoid responsibility towards communities in recent decades . Certainly , they should think about changing their minds in the future and realize the benefits .
(ITA,medium) I do strongly believe that young people enjoy life more than older people can do . First of all i think that young people have something that frequently is not possesed by elderly ; that is good health . Good health means basically the possibility to travel all around the world and visit exciting new countries . It means also the possibility to practice new sports in the countryside or outside in the fresh air . For example But it is also necessary to live with dignity . Secondly , young people do not generally have great and impellent responsabilities but they can have a lot of freedom to go out with friends , go dancing , practice known sports , stay up late without any problem . Moreover the fact that elderly people can have some problems in concentrating and remembering the things they learn . This problem can seriously affect their chance to learn new things reading books , which I believe it is one of the greatest things to do to enjoy . Another really important fact is that young people have a great social life which often lacks in older people . To end up i would like to touch a very important issue that sadly affects our developed countries . In several important and crowded cities in the world it would be easy to find the majority of old people left alone in desolated apartments or even wostly in retirement houses . The frenetic rythm of our society seem to emarginate the people regarded as unuseful so it is impossible for them to live in a life in wich every day is seen as a possible to enjoy life .
(GER,high) Nowadays widespred discussion exists as to whether students should focus on a specific subject during their studies or rather try to gain knowledge in many fields of academic interest . I have given this question some thought myself as I started out attending an interdisciplinary course at university and then decided to refer to a course solely about economics . On the one hand , dividing your attention in between lots of different subjects , you do not run the danger of becoming a narrow-minded academic completely endorsed in their own field of study as you interact with many different points of view and opinions . Some of the brightest researchers you meet might not be the nicest company as they are not open to other peoples ' points of view . Secondly , focusing on one single topic you might miss out on a lot of interesting things you could learn in other fields . As an environmental engineer you might also be interested in arts , just as an artist might want to know how a power station works . Thirdly , if you have chosen one subject you want to concentrate all your studies on , it may be hard for you to change direction and you may end up having to stick to a subject for the rest of your life . Especially in the fast-paced world of today it is essential to stay flexible and a knowledge of many academic subjects certainly helps to do so . On the other hand , it can become quite exhausting trying to accumulate knowledge about a wide range of topics at the same time . I found it very hard trying to remember all the paragraphs during my law class and , half an hour later , having to recall the most important dates in German history . Whereas if you stick to one subject , the amount of work will be less overwhelming . Furthermore , by devoting your time to one specific subject you will be able to study it in depth and gain distinctive knowledge that will be more valuable than just a broad overview you get if you study that subject besides many others . This valuable knowledge , that puts you apart from other students , will be what companies look for if they are trying to hire people for important jobs and , what is more important than improving job prospects in a world like today where well-paid and highly regarded jobs are scarce ? To conclude , I think it is better to speicalize in one specific subject rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , because , although there are a number of advantages in accumulating broad knowledge of many subjects , the gains from focusing your studies on one topic clearly outweigh these .
(CHI,medium) A scene in which private cars disappeared , instead many mini and high-tech buses run and roar on streets seems like a complete science fiction ; but I believe this will come ture in twenty years , because too mush space is possesed by humans , huge clouds of dust and polluted air hanging on the sky , and new way of transportation is needed . Currently , a huge number of buildings are under construction in our tiny city . We already felt that grass and plants for us were scared . However , facing big profit of constructing a new building , people wo n't stop building until we are run out of space . And that day will come sometime in twenty years . Since there is only scared space , less cars will be on streets because there is no room for them ! People will rather walk within short distance than drive cars . It is also to avoid traffic jam . Since public area is too limited , public transportation such as bus and subway will replace private owned cars . With the growth of technology , buses in twenty years will be high-tech and of good quality . People will enjoy riding on bus more than we do today . Choosing public transportation is also a way to save our endangering natural energies . Most importantly , government will play a profound role in regulating the number of cars . As I stated , there is less and less space and energy in our globe ; thus , government of countries all over the world will take actions to reduce the number of cars . For example , increasing import tax can lead to a decline in car demand . Also , government would awards family for not driving car but taking buses to encourage others not to drive . Those actions may not benefit motor market , but will certainly help making a better environment . The global village is where everyone lives and has responsibility to protect . To make a better home for everyone , cars will be sacrificed . Thus , there will be less cars .
(GER,medium) I think both points are equally important in college but in your later life it would be more important to understand the arguments and basics than to learn the facts off by hard . Nobody can understand a theme just by learning simple facts , it is the complex idea that makes someone understand . Everybody can learn things off by hard , but not everyone understands the material . And the understanding for me makes a person grow not only its mind but also it personality . But still there are some benifits to both sides . When I had history classes in school for instance , I was always really good in understanding the ideas and concepts that were discussed , but always when I had to write an exam I had problems to remember important dates . And that is what histories mainpoint is , is n't it ? The result was that I never got a better mark than a three . That is just the average mark in Germany . But when I started to study the dates which resemble the facts in the question . I suddenly got much better marks . On the other hand if I just knew the dates I would have gotten a much worser mark , because I probably would n't have understood any of the assignments . But I also think that there are cases where you just have to know simple facts . In some parts of biology , chemistry , physics and maths , in all science . I mean if you have to lable body parts of an animal or human , there is no way in doing that without knowing the facts . An eye is an eye and not a leg , this is quite obvious . The same is with mathematical formulas , this are facts you really need to know to get a good mark , because there is no way to get a solution without them , except you are as good as Einstein and you derive the formulas on your own , but I think even for a genious it would not work out right to do that . Chemistry and Physics are just the same . Also in this subjects there are big parts where you can not go far without the understanding of ideas and main concepts , especially not in higher level sciences . I think the the two skills of understanding ideas and learning facts are interrelated . A good student really needs both . But in conclusion I would still say that understanding is much more important , because in later life you will not get a job by just telling the pythagorean theorem . But you have to understand basic ideas .
(CHI,medium) As far as I am concerned , I agree that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . Nowadays young people would like to attentd other activities and seldomly think about that they help the communities . I will account for my reasons as follows . First of all , young people have so many activities that they would not to consider to help the communities . On the leisure time , they will make plans to go out with friends or spend time on computer . Hence , because they have too many activities to choose , they mabe have a little chance to take the communities into account . Secondly , nowadays we are not so familiar with the people who resident in the same community . Therefore , if yound people are asked to help community , they may be doubtful that why they should help the community or the people who they do n't acquaint . Because of lacking the cohision and the concept that we like family in the same community , yound people wo n't spend time on helping their communities . Finally , in the educational system , parents and teachers may teach young people to attend the activities in the communities . However , the concept does not achieve through doing it physicially . The concept is just like a sign which is taught by parents and teachers . Furthermore , nowadays parents are so busy that they wo n't encourge their children to help the communities . In conclusion , there are many solid evidences to proof that young people do n't spend enough time to help their communities . Hence , I agree the statement .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the opinion to specialize in one specific subject . And I will tell you about the reason why I think so . At first , recently academic subjects is developing rapidly , and unless you have a deep knowledge about the subject you learn , you ca n't understand anything about that . Before twenty century , the field of academic was not broad and not vast , so many specialist could learn many fields , but now we ca n't . Second , the person who is the expert in one specific subject will get a lot of award . For example , Nobel Prize will hand in the specialist of one region like medical , piece , chemistry , physics and so on . Though this is an extreme example , if one person would know any sperficial knowledge of any subject , the person wo n't get the Nobel Prize . At last , learning broad knowledge of many academic subjects is very difficult . As the matter of fact , there is a `` liberal arts '' in the university of the US , and university student is trying to study a lot of broad knowledge . But completing `` liberal arts '' is very difficult in four year . Sometimes studying makes some university students exhausted . So studying only one subject deeply is the good way for university students . Alhough I explain how bad studying broad knowledge is , there is one good point to study `` liberal arts '' . If you know a lot of knowledge outside your speciality , sometimes you can get some ideas for your speciality . Because there are a lot of similarity between the subject to subject , you can be easy to hit the idea if you are trouble to write a paper or something else . In the conclusion , If you have a much time to study in your life , studying `` liberal arts '' at first and then studying your speciality will be the best way to complete your way of academics .
(ITA,medium) The proposed statement says that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Interestingly this statement makes me think that this is true and it happens all the time . For example when we watch a cleaning product 's commercial on television we are amazed and surprised on what that product can do : the product appears in a nice bottle and sometimes it seems to be bigger than it really is but the surprising thing is that we see that this product can clean everything without leaving any paws . All of this is not true infact when you then go and decide to buy it on the supermarket you notice that it results as equal as the others you bought in the past with maybe a little difference but not exagerating as you saw on television . Another example that comes to my mind is girls ' make-up . Those beautiful actress with a mascara that makes their eyebrush longer and thinner . They have these eyebrush because there are people behind the commercial that work just to make these actress perfect and when people affascinated from the commercial go and buy the new product understand that maybe their past make-up was even better than that one . Other commercials on television or posters hanged on walls in the city that make me mad are those about loosing weight . They are showing beautiful models that never had problems on gaining weight and that they probably stay on a diet for all their life . This bother me because they are showing products that for some people could never be useful in reducing real weight but their are only a waste of money . People are affascinated from those products but they should undestand that commercial or whatever it is do n't make miracles so they can sometimes try to think what the better solution is . Are people really happy on everything they buy , are n't they ? I think many of those people who buy products just because affected by the commercial on television are not really happy after they use them . After those three examples i made out of many others i would like to conclude saying that people are trying to understand better that commercials or posters most of the time are remade in a better way than the one they are . Thus i suggest to producers , instead of wasting their money on making all these effects on tv , to create real commercials and make the product seem real as it really is not joking with people !
(HIN,high) I strongly agree that the young people nowdays donot give enough time to their communities . Young people who are generally considered as the major force , the future of the any nation ironically dont spend much of the time helping the communities . They generally donot raise voices against the injustic , against the activities carried by the malicious minds present in our society . Firstly the young people of nowdays are gererally to obessesed by self-needs that they donot tend to think of the society . The term too-selfcentered is the best to describe the young generation of the era . The need of money , the self problems like emotional ones tends to isolate the young people form the community as a whole for example the software graduate are willing to work for long hours in order to earn more money . The greed for money could be for family or for themselves whatever might be the reason he is deprived of his valuable time . The problem can only be solved by the satisfaction in less money not by abudence of it . The solution to the emotional problem is that young peolpe should involve in the family more for the emotional support The more spare time they have the more the involvement is there form the part of the youngesters . The second most important reason is the laws , procedure and policies of the government are as such as the young people tend to think twice before helping and trying to raise the voices in favor of their communities . For example if their is problem regarding the demolishing of the houses of their communities if the young people want to raise their voices they might end up in the jail . This is the result of the flaws of the laws and policies of the government . The solution to the problem is the laws and policies should be such that young people are not scared against helping their community . The less greed for money accompanied with the work-satisfaction & the laws and policies which are not harsh will generally encourage the young peole nowdays to help the communities .
(KOR,high) There are conflicting views whether young people enjoy life more than older people do . It depends on the location the person lives or the background situation the person underwent . Nevertheless , in my opinion , yound people enjoy life more as they have not encounted much , thus everything will be novel and exciting for them , plus , they have healthy bodies that permit them to enjoy life and young people tend to be less stressed , thus enjoy life more . Generally , the younger the person is , the less experiences s/he had gone through . Therefore , everything they do , it will be exicting for them as it would be a novel experience for them . To exemplify this idea , a young person who travels by air will be enthusiastic , as for them , plane travel could be something extraordinary and novel , contrary to an older person who has already had abounding number of air travels . For that older person , it would be tiring and unenjoyable . More importantly , it is no exaggeration to say that the state of one 's health determines whether a person can enjoy life more than others . It is a known fact that the younger the person is , the healthier s/he is . To many , climbing the Himalaya mountains could mean enjoying life , seeing the natural beauty of the planent . Trekking for a month to climb the ever-lasting ranges of mountains until reaching the apex requires healthy body . Thus in other words , the younger the person is , more it is possible to enjoy life . Lastly , I am sure that many people will agree with me , as older we get , we tend to get more stressed out . When we are young , we only have to worry about school reports or doing well at school . Therefore we can freely enjoy life . Go clubbing and dancing all night without any worry . However , older people have many things to worry and care about . Parents have to worry about money . Enjoying life by going on a holiday , they worry if they can afford it or can they take a leave from work or more commonly , who will look after the children ? To conclude , young people tend to enjoy life as they have the health capacity to do so , the mind and the passion . They do n't get headaches like older people about money or children . Therefore , it is actually depressing to point out the fact that when people age and reach their retirement age , they cannot enjoy life as much as young people can .
(FRE,medium) As a young man i 'll logicaly say that younger people enjoy more life than older people . why it as always been a better feeling to be young . when you are young , in ; ost of case life is totally unknowne and so life is like a jungle you just keep walk into it without thinking about the futur . You really just thinking of having pleasure . And holder personn wo n't have the same state of mind for sure . By definition somebody whois hold has been the past young and have already discover life and her pleasures , and so wo n't be as surprise by the world as a young man . Another difference is simply natural . A young men or women will have more energy to do more things than older men or women just because health situation . Hold people also have more respnsabilitie in every day life , in there jobs or with their familie . The second part of the text will defend a different point of view . why ca n't hold people have pleasure . just like young peole . when youare young life is n't perfect and you cannot do what you want , when you want . some ofthe things that you cannot do by being young are avaible to hold persons just because of their age and their experience . When you are hold you also take life as a defferent angle and just as a `` squarre '' , for example you can build a family or start a business . Those things doesn ` t need you to be young and healthier , but sometimes educate and experienced ... to conclude I ay that there is not an age where you 'll have more pleasure
(GER,medium) I agree with the statement that the most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . In our days the companies have a lot of possibilities to show the customers all the benefits of their products . The can make advertisement in TV , radio , in the newspapers , in the internet , etc . Every potential customer , that actually means every person is confronted with a variety of advertisement every day . But not only the place where an advertisement is made is important . Also the kind of advertisement . That means that there are a lot of visual and auditional possibilities to provide a companys ' product . For example they can use a lot of colours and voices to create new wishes or dreams for the customer . And most of the time the companies only show us the benefits of their products . They do n't explain us the negative aspects or some possible problems we could get with the product . With all the possibilities of marketing the companies have , it 's nearly impossible for the customer to see how good or bad a product really is . Until he really buys and uses it . This seems to be thew main problem . The customer is not able to control what the advertisement promisses without buying the product . Especially the internet offeres a lot of people to provide bad products . There 're so many possibilities to sell damaged or just bad products and nobody can do something against it . Thus , it is very good that in Germany there are some institutes like `` Stiftung Warentest '' who tests and controlls every month a few kind of different products and recommends the best of them . Because of that a customer can usually be sure that a product is good or not so good .
(JPN,low) I think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Because we have to use many kowledge in our life . I have two reasons . Let me show you why . First of all , if we study only one subuject , maybe our eyesight will narrow even the subject were supecific subject . For example , friends . the other day I watched kind of documentary TV program . A scientist had studied about science since he was elenentary shool student . As a result he got a master 's degree when he was high school student , but he was always alone , no friends . I think it is problem because I think frends are more important than academic kowledges because I can not live without friends . If we just study inpaticure our school days , we will be boring man . Next , If we studied many academic subjects we could consider many differnts way about some problems . The other example , if we studied only Math , maybe we would be who
(GER,high) Nowadays people use to describe our society with quickly changing terms . A popular one is : ` the ego-society ' . The theroy of writers or journalists employing this description is that especially young , urban people are very focussed on their career and benefit , not being very interested in communal activities or even in social relationships . From my experience I can say that I know many people who live this way , thinking only of their own interest . At school for example there were much fewer possible activities or clubs then in former days , because fewer and fewer students were willing to organize or conduct one . Most initiatives were brought up by teachers who did not recieve much support . There are , of course many examples of socially very active Juveniles who for example work in institutions for disabled people in their free time or simply organize sports clubs . I think that there is an active culture of helping others without any benefit even among young people . But still the main tendency is to leave such aparently unattractive works to others or demand pay . This developement which can be seen in many of our big cities surely has its reasons . Advertisement in television keeps showing us a world , a very attractive world in which you are not much more than the sum of the things you own . Young people today do not identify themselves with the moral or social values of their parents , they have become out of date . While our parents were for example celebrating Parties of their quarter or village nowadays young people prefer anonymous discotheques or bars . They seem to barely identify with the places they live in and many of the older people surrounding them . Instead peer groups meet in chat rooms on the internt or shopping malls in the outskirts . Since many do not feal being part of their community they have no clear idea what or whom they should give their help and time .
(HIN,medium) I agree with this statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Nowadays many advanced technologies are invented . And specially the advertisement or attract people or describe how it is useful , etc . In this world nobody has time to go every time for each items and find out which is best with the quality wise and money wise . Sometimes is helpful that it descibes in the better way . In most of the areas we dont know that how many companies are involved for which specific product and from the advertisement we would able to know that products belongs to which company , how much rate , it is cheaper or not , etc . Sometime we dont know that how to use `` ROTI MAKER '' , so from the advertisement we would able to know that how it use effectively . We would able to know that for the fun , which movies or which album are created and by whom . Becaues for the movies and just for album we dont have time to go everytime to cinema and find out . Most of the products are useful and human needs in the advertisement . It is true that sometimes advertisements describes that products are not really . For example that we would like to go for the great and fun tour . And the advertisement is coming that describe cheap and good package for the tour and cheapest rate as well . So we will just pick this oppurtunity and enjoy . So here some other example advertisement describe the location for the new development . So we can able to use this opportunities . From the advertisement we can judge need and judge that how to fulfill the needs . Sometimes in the advertisement some location are described for the food , rent room . So from that we can easily find out needs . But if advertisements not help us then we have to go every place for fullfill the needs . And after choosing some specific place we have to find out that which one is the best . But from the advertisements we will find easily . So advertisements help us in the saving time and fullfil the needs effectively . But in the case of cosmetics and some types of food , just attract people . Some cosmetics are not good for the skin then also some good characters advertise it then its good . So finally its useful in some area
(SPA,high) As older people always say : Times are different now and the past was always better . When you are a child , you are not afraid because everything is new in this world and your parents are there to support you . Then , you grow up , you become a teenager and you think life is to LIVE IT AND ENJOY IT , then you are an adult and your responsabilities increase , you have to forget about yourself and think about people around you , and when you are an old person you wish you had more time to do what you never did and always wanted to do , you wish you could have made more mistakes to learn from them but ... time is gone . Young people enjoy their lives going to the club , dancing , drinking : this is what they call `` having fun '' . Older people go to the winery , listen to the music that brings old memories , they enjoy themselves on their own way . I think both generations younger and older people live their lives the best way they can , they enjoy doing the activities they like and they consider are fun according to their beliefs and their philosophy in life . The difference lies on the risks they take . When you are young you feel no fear , you think there is only one life and you have to live it the fullest , you own your world . But , When you are older , you also know that only one life was given to you , but your pholosophy , your perspective is different because you think since there is only one life to live , you have to appreciate it , take care of it and enjoy it loving and respecting yourself : risks are not the same in each stage of life . When you are young a risk can be skipping school and that would be very exciting , when you are older skipping class is not fun , it is being irresponsible . I do not think there is a list of activities to define whether or not someone enjoys life , I think it depends on each one and the way you were raised . The gift of life was given to us and we can enjoy it the way we want as long as we do not affect other people 's beliefs and lives .
(TEL,medium) I agree that the young people nowadays are not giving time to help their communities . The young people as soon as they finish their schooling they awaiting for the college to be opened . Though they do not have so much interest they feel that helping their communities degrade their presitge and it matters alot . In my point of view not only the young people but also their parents are responsible for that . If they have interest and when they go to help , their parents will restrict them . This does not happens in all cases but some of the parents might be doing . For those parents first they must realize the need of help for their community and encourage their young ones . If we take the young people into consideration their parents must be encouraged and the students who are interested in helping the community must form a group and must also encourage the other young people . The problems of the community must be discussed among the group and certain measures must be taken . Not only taking the certain measures but also they must be kept into action and the parents must guide their children . This helps the young people not only to help their community but also the nation can changed . Taking inspiration of small group of young people each and every young person will come forward to help their own community . By helping these communities the problems that are suffered by the country can prevented as well as removed . Finally young people are the main citizens of the country they should have the responsibility over their family , their community and their country . This helps each and every young one to think about themselves as well as about their surroundings . This also helps them in building their carreer in the right path .
(JPN,high) I believe that young people enjoy life far more than old people do . This is due to three main reasons . In this essay , I will explain why I have come to this conclition . Firstly , most young people have good health . As a eighteen-yearold my self , I rarely get sick or get injured compared with my neighbor lady who is seventy-five . She always tell me that health is the most important aspect , and to take care of my health since it is so important . Many people in Japanese society believe this idea . Also , there is a word in japanese that saids : The inner health comes from the outer health . This means that if an individual is physicaly healthy , he/she will be mentaly health , refering to having positive emotions . Which indicates that people can enjoy their lifes when they are healthy . Secondly , having both old and new ways of thinking is easy for young people . Young people can learn new ideas or analise new techniques . They are able to use technology , and conseme new ideas . In addition , young people can learn history at school , or listen to stories from older people , such as parents , grand-parents , and neighbors . Having a diverse thinking will allow a prosperous life , which can mean a enjoyable life . On the other hand , older people are not advanced in handleing new ideas , on new techniques . Forexample , my mother who is fifty-years-old , can not handle advanced technology such as her mobile-phone . Thirdly , young people are usualy ambisious then older people . This is because young have not seen the big world yet , which allows them tohave diverse goals . Also , young people can study hard to get in a good university , to enjoy life . However , most older people have brain which can not consume many materials physicaly . Also , older peoplr know the limit of goals and dreams . I believe that having a goal or a dream increases the standards of living . Which leads to an enjoyable life .
(ARA,low) i agree as agroup . naw then group hilp for mney resin the ferst wan its for fan to yuo and for tham and to have aseve trab like if awomen travel bay acar at the rod alon she wal be scerd and she well be aesey targt to ageng nat gast the wmen any wan travel alon in the rod he will be aese tagt bat of he had in the car three pepol or more he will be save and he will have ahelp of he need like an exstra driver and the guid that to be out off trabels or tomike the best dsegen to them becose the guide mast be shsen bay every wan to be like afoot boll tame ther is acotsh how bot evere one in a good blis and to do wat he want to do becose he see the plires in adefrant ways like same wane kik the boll and the gool keebr and the defans and the anthr exsambel acanitre you mast have abrsdent or the cantre be in aware and you dont want thes habnd the trivel and the group they mast to have alidar like a cantre or they will be in awar btwen tham they will see goo to the betsh and anther wan will sed i want to go to the muol and the war will started of the guide ther he will make the brfict soloshn to tham .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than today . There are many reasons to support this view . Firstly , twenty year from now there will be very less space avilabe to drive due to sharp increase in populations and vechiles . Thus traffics snarl and long waiting time at signals wiil be the scene . Thus people will prefer other ways like walking , cycling to save time and to reach their work place safely on time . As it is aptly clear from the present scene long wait will make people impatient and due to shortage of time one may drive fast thereby leading to more accidents . Thus to avoid accidents peiople will prefer ultra modern public transport like metro trains etc. which will help the reachsafely on time there by leading to decreae in numbers of cars and other vechiles . More over , technology will increase the production . Thus , cars will be cheaper than today and no longer will be status symbol . Moreover , their maintainence cost and high cost of fuel prices will drive the customer away as is clear from the present spirraling prices of fuel . Furthermore , educated people will be definetly be more health concsious and will prefer cycling and walking etc. than car driving to keep illness at bay due to thier sedntary lifestyles when everything will be handy due to tehnological advancements . Also people will try to reduce sound and noise pollution and what can be the best way than to not use cars unless one desperately need it like going with family to a family ocassions . Goverment wiil also support such things and also comr uppolicies to reduce pollution and one them is their less usage . Thus it can be safely conclude that thier wiil be less use of carstwenty years down the line than today .
(JPN,medium) Some people do not agree with young people enjoy life more than older people do , but I agree with young people enjoy life more than olader people do . I have some reasons why I agree with it . First , young people have more free time to do fun stuff than oleder people who is like working do . Young people can do anything that they want to do . Here is an example . When I was in high school , I have been to Hawaii by using my spring break . If someone who work , they do not have vacations . I enjoyed staying in Hawaii by myself . Secondly , older people dose not have anegies to enjoy their life . I mean , I do not say they are not fine , but if you are young , you have enegies to travel or meeting someone . I like traveling around the world and I think it can really enjoy my life . However , it would cost to do so , so I keep my money by working hard . Thirdly , there is some stuff that only young people can do . For example , go to the U.S. or other countries as an exchange student or meeting new people who speaks different language from what we speak . I have been in the U.S. for one year as an exchange student and went local high school , meet new people , had experienced different cultures what I used to it . It was really impressing for me to be a part of different family members . I met a lot of friends during my exchage year and had lots of fun there . I though I could not do this if I was an older people . All of my states , I agree with young peple enjoy life more than older people do because I had experieced some stuff that only young people can . However , older pople has more money than young people so they can enjoy their life pretty much , too .
(ARA,medium) Do you think that the best thing is to travel with a tour guide ? thats agood question . I one of the larg forest there was agrop of people with out a guide and they have been loste in the forest so all of theme dead when they lost . FOR THAT agree with that thing because several reason . The first reason , that he now the plase and the good plases . the guide will let you se the best plases there . For exsampl , in the city he will let you ee the famouse plases like musiums . thats what will let heme very intreting . Another reasone , that he will let you never be lost . you will have fun without afraide of geting lost at all in the country . If you be alon you must ask the poeple about the diriction , or the plases to have fun in it . He will be help ful with that thing . He will speek ith them and you can learn from him . Last reason , that you will be without responseblity . When you want to do any thing he know every thing and he will do it and you will not hink how to do it , or where to do this thing . However , some poeple will say that if you travel alone you will have alot of fun . They also say that you will know the way , and you will learn alot of things . For example , you will learn the cultur of othere country , and you will learn who to speek . Not only that you will find it exsited . In conclusion , you can say that traveling with a guide is more better than traviling alone . In my opinion the guide is the best thing in the travel to be spicifice . These are some of the reason that you can have when you travel with a guide .
(SPA,high) It seems possible to affirm that most advertisements make products look much better than they really are . However , one must not forget that that is the `` nature of the beast . '' After all , companies hire a multi-billion dollar machinery to convince us , avid consumers , of our need to look just like the perfect models from suburbia that are used not only to sell products , but also to use our vanity and lust to lure us to buy , buy , buy . Let me give you an example of the way advertisment companies use our desire to look great and to be desired to make us buy their products . Two days ago I went to the movie theater . While I was waiting for my movie to begin , I was bombarded by a miriad of commercials advertising all sorts of products , all the way from beauty creams to cigarrettes . After the third commercial with the sporty type advertising gym clothing , a membership to a trendy sports facility and the required pills to burn fat , I was feeling fat , grossly inadequate , and ready to run so that I could get all I needed to get on the right track . All of a sudden , a deep realization struck me : all of that cannot be real ! I can exercise to the point of exhaustion , get all the right clothing , take all the prescribed pills -- not by a medical doctor , mind you -- and even then , I will never look like the blonde , blue-eyed , muscular guy on the screen . Do n't believe me yet ? Just ask yourself : how many curvacious women or Apollinean guys have greeted you at the car dealership last time you bought a new car ? Some people would like to say that advertisements are nothing but a clear reflection of the products they offer . While I am willing to concede that there is just little you can do to make a glass of milk look more apetizing than what it is , one has only to look at the `` Got Milk ? '' advertisements to get the point : to advertising companies , it does not matter if what they are offering is as good as they say it is , or even if the attention of the consumer is not so much on the product they are selling but on the personality they are using to advertise it , what matters to them is that it sells . How many times have you been moved to get the trendiest , newest , more expensive brand of clothing , cellular phone , car , etc. just to discover after a brief period of usage that , in spite of all the empty promises and alluring techniques used by the advertising company , what you got is nothing but apiece of trash ? Think about the famous Marlboro commercials . How many people thought that smoking was a fancy activity just by looking at the romantic sunset with the cowboy looming on the horizon ? How about the effects of smoking on your health ? Care to talk about cancer and related illnesses ? Obviously , truth-telling and advertising do not go hand-in-hand . Most advertisement companies want one thing and only one : to sell their clients ' products . If they need to lie , modify , or even disguise the real product or its effects in order to sell it , that is exactly what they will do . Got milk lately ?
(HIN,medium) I disagree with the statement saying that it is better to have broad knowledge of many subjects rather than specializing in one specific subject . I will illustrate my views below . There is an English proverb which beautifully fits in the above case : `` A Jack of all is a master of none . '' In the past scientific knowledge was relatively limited as compared to now . Now many new fields have been developed and even in a single field there are many sub divisions . For e.g. Computers . Before there no sub-divisions in the field of computers but now we can broadly classify them as Hardware , software , Middle-ware , Internet & Networking , etc . Even in these sub-divisions we can have several more options . The point I am trying to make here is that fields are more diverse and varied then they were before . Hence it is simply not possible to excel in all of them and having only a general idea about them will not suffice . Additionally knowledge has become more and more complex than before . Having a general idea about things is not enough to perform the tasks adequately . For e.g. A CFO ( Chief Financial Officer ) of a company has reasonable knowledge about Law . So does it mean that he will be as competent as a Lawyer specialising in these tasks ? Alternatively a lawyer cannot do adequate justice to the job of a CFO . Let me illustrate my point further . Would you like to live in a building which has been made by person having a `` general '' idea of construction , architecture and engineering or would prefer living in a building made by a team of experts in their respective fields . Focus on one topic inspires confidence not only in others but also in the person doing the job . Hence with the points above I have best tried to justify my conclusion .
(ARA,medium) Every one like to travel every where in the world . sound amazing when you see another cultures and people . the travel will be so exating when you have good information about the country you want to visit and when you have your friends with you . Every one have another interesting aobut travel . some of people like to visit only the famost place in that country . another like to discover some place get injoy in it . Will say when you have tour guide , they like to make limit for your thinking about that country by persusution you about some place and they let you to forget about another place . correct they know littel bit about that country and they already made alot of trip there , but in same time there is alot of places . some time they can go some places you can get it by your self . Alot of tour guide focus about musium , zoo , mountin , fun and safe area . When you go alone you will try to fine some information about that erea . And from that information you will get more information when you go there . Stup by stup and you will have good trip by your self with out tour guide . I disagree to have tour guide when I travel because they will make limit for my minde about that country . They cant focuse about me and my friends what we want , because they have some benifit form that place . They make limit for your time , because you must carful about the time more than your fun . As example when you spend more time you and your firends , and you dont respect the time they will leave for another place and pick up you after they finish or they will skip one place in the schedual as bunish for your dealy . Some time friends dont like to go as group for one place because some of them want to go another place . That time they can divad by to group not same as when you be with tour guide . Toure guide have pacifice time and place . Finialy , try to get your travel by your self to get more freedom and have more fun . try to fined all the information by your self because the tour guide will not let you to do what you want . Think carefully about what you want befor you do it to save your money and you be batter than to be with tour guide . Tour guide will not kill his business becuse of you and your friends . You will get alot of fun when you descover new place and get impact with new people .
(GER,high) I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . I am sure that the only way to learn is to try new things . People have to learn their whole life to be successful . We start learning on the day that we are born and after university this process should not stop . In the modern business world there are always many competitors who want to have the same position . So you have to have some skills which make you special and these skills you can not get if you are afraid of new things . If people want to be successful they need to be brave and take responsibility for their actions . In addition , they need to have the power and strenght to fail and stand up again . In my opinion , the reason why so many people do not want to change a situation or to try something new lies in their mentality . I think that many people are afraid of trying new things because they do not want to fail . They think that it is easier , more comfortable and better for their image to stay in one job position than to try something they are not an expert in . I think that people sometimes are rather lazy and do not see a reason in changing a comfortable situation . In my opinion , the only way to reach higher positions and success is to leave this comfort behind for a certain period of time and to be brave enough to accept the possibility of failure . Otherwise you always stay in the same position . Nevertheless , there are more aspects of success . I think that luck , networking , social skills , the ability to work in teams and continuity are extremely neccessary factors for success .
(SPA,medium) I think that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because that is the way that the buyer can show interest in the product and ask more about it . Nevertheles , it is a dangerous form of publicity because some things that are saying about the product are not true . I think that the advertisements that more use this kind of `` lies '' is the telemarketing when they show a lot of people saying that one product or another is the best that are in the market , and the problem with these products is that we ca n't see it or touch it before we buy it . So we take a risk buying a product that we really do n't know . Althougt the advertisement for other products that we can see and touch are more realistic , some times show better things that they really have . Publicity is the best way for a company to show its products , but the buyers believe more in a company when they are telling always the truth and when the show a product with its real characteristics , and for a company the loyalty that shows their clients is the most important thing . Some times , it is not that the advertisement seem much better than they really are but is the customer who thinks that the product is better that it really is .
(GER,medium) What makes people succeed in their professional life and what makes them happy and balanced in their private everyday life ? Usually , when you ask successful people what drives their success they respond that they are always deeply interested in what they do and they usually have a wide range of interests . Successful people look for challenges . They overcome old habits by the time they recognize that these habits stop them from the next step in their career life . I fully agree that successful people try new things and try risks . If you take a risk , there are only two options : you might fail or you might win . But even if you fail its your turn to find out why this could have happened and if you are able to change this habit or this role , even a failure can turn out as a success . Eventually , it is satisfaction what makes people happy in what they do . In my opinion , happiness automatically leads to success . If people remain in doing what they already know and what they know how to do well , they stick to old patterns . First , they might be successful , because they have an expert knowledge of something or they do so well on a certain job , that they are needed . But after ta while , you should grow out of what you did for a long time to reach something new and to repeat the success you once experienced . After a while , most people become bored with what they do . In this situation , people do not reach any goals they set themselve . Or maybe they even gave up to have a goal in life , something to live for or something to go to work for . So taking a risk always helps to grow and to
(ITA,high) I do agree with the statement that it 's better to understand concept than to learn facts . Infact I think that it is n't important to learn event , try to remember them without comprehend them , what you learn has not to be a mixture of information but you need to know causes and explanations of them . For example I can report my personal experience : when I studied at the high school I did n't go on very well with my history teacher because we had differen opinions about this same topic . She believed that students must know everithing happened in the past , battles , important people 's lives , dates etc . On the countrary I thought , and I still think , that it is not so important to learn so many informations , I 'm interested in causes , in important events , not in details : I believe that if you focus too much on details you will lost the main ideas . It is also important to say that it 's hard to remember facts while it 's easier to remember idea and concepts which are related with themselves and wich have particular causes and effects . Some yeas ago I took a course about technique of memory and I learned that to remember something you need to relate it with some other thing . In my experience at school I had the opportunity to verify that it was a true statement ! I also think that ideas and conceps can be more utile in life than the kowledge of a particular fact , it is rare that you will need to know a particular fact in the future . What is important to say is that when you understand concepts you understand also a way of thinking , of providing argument to support a thesis . To understand ideas and a way of thinking is much more important than knowing three millions informations or events : you wo n't need to know informations or events if you ca n't relate them .
(FRE,high) In my point of view , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is to learn facts . A general concept or idea is made of facts , which are statements found in textbooks or encyclopedias . Nevertheless , it is clear to me that the importance of facts ca n't be decreased , because in certain fields of study such as history , facts are extremely relevant . But in most fields of study , without a general understanding of the concept , facts appear worthless . On one hand , concepts and ideas have an importance that ca n't be diminished , because those are the elements that will help one to learn the facts . Without understanding the concept or the idea , a student will not be able to learn but more importantly to remember for a long period of time the facts related to the concept or idea . For example , in an astronomy class , the concept of how the planets evolve is more important to understand than to know the exact figures or paths constituting the planet 's movement . On the other hand , concepts and ideas are what help a student in his future professional life . The facts can easily be found again in a textbook , on the internet or in any database . But if the concept made by these facts is not understood , the student will not be able to use the facts properly . For instance , a law student , as myself , has to learn a lot of facts and regulations . However , those facts or rules wo n't be useful if the concept is not understood . When , in the future , this law student who became a lawyer is confronted to a tough case , the general idea of how the law regulates on that matter will help him solve the case , whereas the only regulation , if not understood , wo n't . In that example , the everyday life of a lawyer proves the importance of the concept because facts or regulation can be found easily . In conclusion , general ideas or concepts are the essential part of what should be known and understood by every student . However , what makes a student excellent is to both understand the concept and learn the facts .
(HIN,medium) The question in hand is that do the advertisement make the products seem much better than they really are ? Yes , I am completed agree with this statement . The advertisement influences the people in society . The advertisement introduces the product to the people with out giving the negative points about the product . People do not know about the product and they start using it without knowing the actual fact about it . For example Vioxx was used by a lot of patient as a painkiller with out knowing the side affects of it . Eventually , a lot of people die from heartattack . Sometimes , the advertisement makes people passive in thinking about the alternative of any product . Even the product is not the best in the market , people stop thinking about another competitive product . For example , a lot of people does not know about the the apple opearting system in coumputer , where as everybody knows about window operating system . Even the apple opearting system is better than that of window , general public still believe that the window is the best operating syatem we have . The advertisement also serve the good purpose in the society . It is a good way of introducing the new product in the market . There are serveral products in the markets about them we do not come to know unless we hear the advertisement on television or see the product add on paper . Even it introduces the launch of the new product to the people . Ultimately , I beleive that the purpose of the advertisement is good in the society but company uses it to convince people to adopt their products by not telling the actual facts about their product .
(FRE,high) Everyone wants to be successful , in our personal or professional life . This is a level showing your qualities , and this can show as well your wish to progress in your life . As an example , if a working person wants to progress in his working life , he has to show his motivation by trying new things such as giving innovative ideas or spending more time on projects . This will prove to his manager that he is concerned by his work and by the company itself . He can reach to a better job by this way , being promoted and earning more money . On the other hand , if this working person stays quiet , does not try new things , this means that he does not want to take risks . And sometimes , this can be a security for him , he can keep his job and he will be sure that he will be paid at the end of the month . Indeed , if this one has a family , he has to be able to buy all his family needs . Maybe he will find a routine in his everyday life , but he will be secured that his family will have what they want . In my opinion , I think that we have to progress in our life . And if this means that we have to take risks , or to try new things , most of people should do this . For example , if I have a report to do in group , I will suggest all the time new ideas , even if these are not relevant , but at least , I would have tried . I know this can be boring for other team-mates , but by this way , the report can progress , and this could be a success if everyone tried this . Successful people are not rare , they are part of our everyday life and they allow some works to be done in time , and with ideas of quality .
(GER,medium) The question is if it is important for students to understand ideas aand concepts than it is for them to learn facts . For many classes or subject it is necessary to combine both that means learning facts and to understand ideads or models . According to a study many students prefer to understand the idea of the theory , because this is more useful in an exam . I think everybody have to understand an idea or concept because you cannot write a good mark if you always learn some facts . Most you must conclude to give an good response and not only list some facts . Therefore it is very important to understand the topic or theme really . For instance , a student who studies mathematics he has to understand the algorithmus which is used to calculate something . For him is it not important to list only some facts , he has to think logical . Otherwise in some classes it necessary to learn facts for a testpaper . If you do not learn this you would not pass the exam . I think only learning facts is not very important for your future . Everybodey need it to collect life experience and therefore you have to understand what you are doing . When a student get started with work or a job many companies prefer such students who have a good general education and not only knowledge in their studies . Mabe Ssudents who learn only facts will forget it after a short time , but somebody who has it really understand will do not forget after the exam . Additionally it is important to be satisfied with that what you . Some students are not interessting in learning facts . Everybody has its own method to learning or understanding something . A student of medicine has to learn more facts than a student of electronics . Sometime it depends from the subject . For the last one it is very important to understand the function of condensator or transistor , but he can experiments in a lab and maybe understand the function of it . In conclusion , it is very important to combine both methods of preparing for a test . Some facts a student have to learn but on the otherside he must understand what he is doing in the exam . In a job everbody train new concepts or maybe he can remember on that what he has leraned during his studies .
(TEL,medium) I dont agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than the older people . The given statement can be accepted only to the extent of physical strength . The older people can not do all aspects of work physicaly as actively as young people can do . But in other aspects they can be on par with people . Before saying how let me categorise different types of enjoying life . It could be in terms of spirituality , philanthropy , through experience which comes along with age , perception of life etc . An older person can how to relieve from stress compare to an younger person which leads to hapiness or unhapiness in life . Well i believe that an individual can enjoy his life only when he has peace . An older person can better deal the traumatic stiuations that every one faces in life than a younger person . The younger person enjoys his life mostly through matrliastic pursuit which is only temporary and not the real joy . But at the most an older person who swam accross the age of youth is more inclined towards spiritual bliss . He is more religious and he can see the path between him and the god and that is the real and true joy . What is so sick about among people is that they dont have time to enjoy different aspects of life like nature , literature and arts in their busy schedule of life of accademics and carrier . An yong person may not experience the same quality of joy as an older person can while jogging or listening to music or showing concern and understanding people come to them . What iIwant to conclude is that the definitio for enjoyment may not be same for all . each individual can enjoy life according to the way he perceive it . So i dont agree that young people enjoy life more than older people .
(KOR,high) Many people say that young people these days do n't give enough time to helping their communities . I agree with this statement because modern society is a fast-paced world , capitalism 's basis is individualism , and that many people do n't live in one place for a long time . The first reason why I agree with the statement is because the world we live in today goes really fast . Every day is a busy one , with not many leisure time . Young people are busy getting their education , and adults are busy working and earning money . This gradually leads to less noticing the community we live in , which decreases the help given by people . Also , almost every country in the world is run by capitalism , and the basis for capitalism is individualism . Individualim means that each person cares only about oneself , especially things that are benefitial to him . Helping the community may be benefitial in the future , but it is not an immediate one , so people tend to not care . The final reason is that people nowadays do n't stay in one place for a long time , so they do n't feel interested in the place they live in . In the past , when transportation was n't very developed , a majority of people lived where they were born for most of their life time , so they love the society thay live in . They will be happy to help the community that they have known for so long . In contrast , it is very easy to move around in modern society , so people do n't feel the love for the community . There are many more reasons that back up the fact that young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their community , but in my opinion , I think that these three are the main reasons . If a community gave advantages to people who help the community more , everyone would be happy to make the community they live in a better place .
(JPN,medium) I disagree that ` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are tody ' for the following reasons . First , cars are very convenient . No other tranportations can replace them . For example , car has been ` a people 's legs ' . When I lived in Hiroshima , one of the local city of Japan , I can not move anywhere without a car . Social systems are in the condition people can use a car . Additionally , I find it more in the countryside , people can not go to shops without cars . I believe that cars are convenient and have been the tools for living . Second , I think that cars will be developed to adjust our life . The features of car can change and can solve the problems . For example , cars comsume a lot of energy and pollute our environments , but now improving their mechanism to reduce bad inpacts . I believe that cars will be developed better in twenty years and will not lose their possition . In conclution , for the reasons mentioned above , I strongly do not believe that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
(TEL,medium) Succes means to invent new things , which can be done by experiments and taking risks . It 's not only restricted to succesful people rather than to all people who are failure too . As succes comes only by experincing opposite results . It will be new experience if we take risks and invent new things . This boosts our confidence and gives a new experience . I agree that succesful people try new things rather than doing what they already knew . Firstly succesful people try new things because as already they tasted succes in their life this gives confidence to work more by taking risks . Scientists are good examples for taking risks and trying new things . If scientists does n't try news things then we wont be able to access the inventions which they made like pencillin , steam engine by james watt , aeroplane by wright brother and so on . Secondly people try new things in which they get new experience . If a person is doing a know work for a past few years this not only makes him boring but also losses his interest in that work . While experimenting new things we can get more knowledge in the subject which gives us soul satisfaction . Today we recognise scientists by their works , but we do n't recognise a daily worker in a factory . Experiments are done by taking risks like astromer who take high risks while travelling other planets or solar system , in between they may loose their life 's by having collision with other planets or by some technical problems . Best example for this is the well know astrnomer Kalpana chawla , who did a various experiments by taking risks . Her experiments to land in space gave huge information of which a common people is not familiar with . An intellectual person is well recognised by his works . A person is seen by his achievements which he had contributed to society Hence , I totally agree that succesful people try new try things and take risks to invent new things for social well being .
(ARA,low) Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , personally I agree with this statement . why I agree with it ? nowaday yong people are not giving enough time to help their communities and I have three reasons how and why they do n't help it . first reason is that young people are interested to them studies and them target is to get just like diplomat or master , something related to a high education , then they will have a large time to help them communities on a good way for instance they will be able to help it by building malls clubes or develope the rail road ant highways . second resons is that young people do n't have them own money to help the communities , they still young and ca n't have a part time job because we do n't have it in morocco . equally important is that the have only two free days whiche are week end , for this purpuse they need these days to have fun and break . finally when young people graduate from university the do n't find job opportunity so they ca n't give enough time to help their communities because the need to help them selves first then communities . in my opinion
(TEL,low) I totally agree withe statement because , due to following reasons : 1. As the population increases , the usage of cars is increased day by day and one day it will reach to peak level where there is no space to park or drive the car . 2. Secondarily , as the pollution increases usage of cars may be reduced and also avilability and price of the fuel has also been raised which may lead to fewer cars in use . 3. As the traffic increases public prefer to travel by public transport inspite of taking stress and strain to travel by cars in the traffic . 4. Due to increased production of variety of cars year by year and increase in the price of the car , public may not afford to buy the car . 5. Many people who would like to travel long distance they dont usually prefer travelling by cars instead they take public transport system to travel . 6. There may be other reason which can be guessed of less car usage is , if the cars are affordable to buy by the middle class families it may become a traffic problem as more public tend to buy the cars instead . 7. Nowadays , buying a car is easy , but due to higher growing fuel price . Maintenance of the car has become expensive . 8. Due to higher usage of cars there may be shortage of parking space in the offices for the employees to park their cars . 9. There may be higher risk of road accidents . So , may be in twenty years there will be surely less usage of cars as compared today .
(TUR,low) experiance for risks economy to management agreculture to education there has been lots of changes in the last century wiht in these changes sometimes we had to make a choice to be successful in our working life . although some of us though that try new things and take risk to be successful is good idea some of us think it is not quite well have enough knowledge experiance advirtisement worring lost money are reasons to continuo what we already do firstly to be succesfull in some job it requires lots of information and experiment for example my father has restaurant and he know lots of thing like cooking , servicing . if he dont know how to cook he can not make any food so he can not sell anything . if he waqnt to try have market he should learn lots of things to do in addition to be good management or businesman we sould also know how to advertise product . and if we dont know enough information about product we can not sell more so to be learn how to advertise the product require to know whole information about it and trying to new job requires to learn all new things moreover if we dont sure to earn more money on new job you can lost all your investment . for example my friend had shop before and changed job and started to make cook and he could not achieve this so he lost his all investment in conlusion knowledge
(HIN,medium) `` Work is the way of life '' this is what i think for any young man / women . Yes I agree with the opinion that young people enjoy their life more than older one . Life is a big experience , we encounter various situations both pleasent and unpleasent one , but they help us in maturing our qualities to tackles various hurdles in life . In my opinion youth are the one who enjoy their life more than any older person . I always rememeber the days when my grandfather told me to enjoy every part of this young life with full enthusiasm and cheerfulness . He also said me that `` Life is not the bed of roses , often there are thorns '' so enjoy your every part of this life may be you get number of problem . you are young , this is the time which will develop the fruitful experience in you and shapened your abilities to see your professional life , married life . I think that only a young person firstly enjoy his college life , where he get true friend there , he will enjoy every moment in college functions , parties , late night outs . after completing your college life now you enter the world of Professionalism , it does n't matter you are in which post as a manager or a Engineer . A young person will definately enjoy the responsibilities to complete a project , risk taking nature and willingness to succeed than other . Then comes your married life , you can share you every moment of love , sorrow , you get a partner for whole of the life time . what all you enjoy with your partner at the begening of married life is always plays a important role in anybody life . This is the time when you get the responsibilities of your children and family . you have to manage all the thing job and family simultaneously . Lastly i would like to say that life will show you different stages , childhood , younger , then older age . It depend on how you enjoy the life . Life will always tend you to face various situations . but it is only the true experience and you inner emotions how you want to enjoy your life .
(ARA,high) Age will give the man the experience and the wisdom but , unfortunately , take the sense of enjoyment . I , personally , believe that young people enjoy life more than older people life . Some people believe that old people should have the tendency to enjoy and appreciate life more than young ones . This is because old peolpe have wider experience and they saw in the life more interesting things and harmless as well . I totally dispute this idea and I believe that the younger the man is that more enjoyable the life will be for him although I do not deny that elderly people can live enduring happiness and welfare . However , this happiness cannot be compared to what teenagers . There are several reasons for my opinion and I would like to put them in the following way . First , young people tends to find virtually every thing new and exciting but old people do not feel that excitement . I remember in one product overview in my company , we were five : three can be considered young and the two others as old . The presenter showed a marvlas feature in the product that amazes us ( the three young participants ) . However , the presenter did not notice that excitement on the old employees and when asked they replied `` Yeh , It is a good feature but we knew similar things did not work on the company in the past '' . This previous example will also illustrate my second point that old people tend to think too much about consequences . They tend to do this systematically and programmatically . I saw many people who seems to lack the energy and motives . Probably , advancement in age and health problems gave thim some of this discouragement . On the contrary , young people try to live on the principle `` do not cross the bridge till you come to it '' . I mean they do not think about the problems till these problems take place . There feelings are spontaneous and natural without the complexity of intensive thinking . This makes the life always interesting for them . In conclusion , from the above points , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
(TUR,medium) There are many movies about the future life which does not contain a type of transportation with cars . It is dispuatable how much they are reflecting correctly . But there are several reasonable matters which mean modern cars wo n't live forever . I meant that cars which run by petrolian by expression of ` modern car ' . The biggest signature modern cars have to evolution is lacking amount of petrols all around world in near future . Because , oil reserves are decreasing speedly . The main factor in innovation of modern machines wo n't be enough for future by today 's consuming amounts . But there are another options to put in place of petrolian energy sources like water or any other material which can be ransformed into electrical energy . So cars ' fuel type will be last , even it is changing now . So , in my opinion it wo n't be the main reason for there will be fewer cars in the world . As a second reason for there will be fewer cars in the world is huge improvements in sciences knowledge and technologies . Technology will make car unnecessary or non prefered transportatioan vehicles or devices . According to this approach , there will be alternative transporation types for cars , like molecular transportation centers or flying objects ( flying cars ) . Improvement in science and technology obviously show us there is no possibility to succeed the molecular transportation with today 's knowledge . As a reason we do n't have a technology which transforms materials to photons and trasforming photons to materials . In addition to this , there are many research in modern physics which have to be accomplished for knowledge about transforming photons . In addition to this , we have never seen a flying car except jetsons ' . As a result , i do n't agree with decreasing in number of cars in near future . Because our historical experiments showed that human being is the most adaptable creature in the worls . So if we wo n't have enough petrolian ' we will find another source .
(SPA,high) The world today demands for students to understand that an education is a tool that is used to `` keep the world going . '' Now , many students choose to learn the bare minimum to get by in their professional careers , and are exempting from their lives that understanding concepts and ideas is more important than to just learn quick facts . In my experience understading a specific subject in a class has enriched my learning abilities , and given me the satisfaction of understanding every detail of that specific course . I have seen many of my classmates barely get by through school , because they rely on learning quick facts , pass coursed , and then receive a diploma so they can join the work force . I strongly belive that they join the real world unprepared . The student body that uses facts as a method of learning will have incovienient disabilities understanding concepts later in life becuase they will not know how to analyze situations correctly and solve problems . As simple as a fact can be , it may influence learning significantly , for example , Fact : If students use the method `` memory dump '' as soon as they receive the test , it will help them to do better . Well , If students would rely more on understading the subject matter and the ideas they are being tested on prior to the exam , they would not have to rely on `` memory dump . '' I am in complete accordance with students experiencing life through understading concepts and ideas , since this way they may always be able to spread their knowlege with other people . Just imagine living life with only facts , that many times are uneccessary and vague , whereas to live life with the full knowledge that you can explain or simply express any topic due to the understading you aquired during your learning period .
(ITA,high) I do agree with this statement . People who want to be successful are usually tired of the life they are living , and this implies that they want to achieve something more , something new . They know that in life you must work hard if you want to get something , you must be ready to challenge yourself and risk everything to reach your goal . Of course there are also many people who get all the things they want without making any effort and without deserving those things , but a person who worked hard in order to make his or her dreams or hopes come true , is in the end the real winner , the real successful person . Being successful is not only a matter of being able to get what you want , that is only the material result . What makes someone really successful is the growth as a human being that took place in this person s mind and soul during the way to reach his or her goal . Facing changes and difficoulties , as well as being able to take the risk of an insuccess , this person has not only got the thing he or she worked for , but has also learnt the real value of things , the value of work and dedication . Putting your heart , your mind , you soul , your everything in something .. that is what makes someone really successful .
(CHI,medium) Do you agree with the statement that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities ? For my personality and fondness , I agree that yonug people spend too less time on concerning their communicaties . In addition , I will argue over the belife in the following reasons . First of all , I think that young people spend too much time on their studing and playing . For example , most of students go to library for researching informations after calss . In addition , many students go to play baseball and suffer the internet in their free time . Moreover , some young people prefer do other execise to help their communications . Furthermore , young people think that it is waste time for helping communicaties . In a word , few young people willing to helping their communicatiies . Secondly , young people think that it is not necessary to help their communicatuies . For example , many young people spend many on buying their toys instead of helping others . In addition , most of young people think that communicaties is not their best friends or relates , so they do not willing help them . Moreover , the soical structure has a great change nowdays , few young people has also change thier concept about how to help others . Furthermore , young people has misleading concept that they do have responbilities to help others . In short , many young people do not give enough time on thier communications . In summary , I think that young people do not give enough time to helping their communicaties because they do not realize that helping other is an essential vituer and value for human . In the end , I will conclude my argument by emphasizing that young people do not understand that the enjoyness and happiness from helping our communities .
(CHI,medium) People seldom agree with each other , even on the slightly issues such as if young people enjoy life more than older people do . Few people claims that young people are more awared of how to enjoy life than the older people do . However , other people have completely different ideas , they believe that older people enjoy life more than younger people , and that is also my point . Always , young people could hardly be satisfied . For instance , young girls always not satisfied with their beauty and young boys often think they are not strong enough . They do a lot of work to `` perfect '' them selves but in vain . When they are faced problems or decisions , they are always hestitaed and could not stop looking for a perfect solution until they are completely tired and feel frustrated . It is unuseful for them to enjoy life . By contrast , older people have experienced some frustrations and therefore are more easily satisfied than the young people . Older people know that no one could be perfect and we should learn to endure the disadvantages of the others and ourselves . In addition , older people always have a better financial condition than the young people do . Young people , for instance , high school students still need parents to support their daily life , it is hard for them to enjoy life without their parents ' financial supporting since they do not earn that much money . For instance , It is hard for young people to go to a foreign country for travaling if older people do not support them to . However , employed older people do not need to worry about the finance resource , they could enjoy themselves anytime they want . In summary , older people are more easily satisfied than the young people do , which makes them relax and enjoying life . They also have a better financial condition , which make the range of enjoyment larger .
(TUR,medium) I strongly believe that students should understand ideas and concepts rather than they just learn them as a fact . I found that important since this is more beneficial for student for their future life . To begin with , while students understunding the ideas and concepts , they begin to set connections between all the ideas they have learned . Lets take an MBA student . If he understands the different business concepts for a company , he can understand how a whole business works . For example , lets say he take accounting courses and marketing courses . At the end , he should make a connection between them to have a profound idea about that business . If he learns the concepts just a fact , he can not have a broad point of view about that business . Moreover , students who learn the concept as a fact tend to forget them much easily than the students understanding concepts . For example , if a student tries to memorize matematical functions , he will most probably forget all those equations in a short time . On the other hand , if a student understand those functions , he will less likely forget them . Concequently , I agree that for students it is more important to understand ideas and concepts . Therefore , students should take into account that how they learn makes a real difference .
(ITA,high) Nowadays many persons have the impression young people do not dedicate enough of their time to helping their communities . What my personal experience provides is that society has a strong tendency to observe only the negative examples provided by the young people and that it is really hard to find free time to dedicate to others . Today society seems to love to notice only the bad examples of young people and unfortunately this phenomen usually brings to a strong critic to the young people in general . It is true that there is a quite big amount of young people who are pretty selfish and do not care at all about others , but only about their own good . What is extremely important on the other hand , but that unluckily is noticed by the society just few times , is that there are many young people involved in , for example , volunteering activities . What is even more important is that this number would strongly increase if young people had more free time . School is really hard and requires lots of efforts , many young people also dedicate some of their times to other activities like playing a musical instrument or learning a new language , they perhaps also need to rest sometimes and so it is easy to understand that finding a free afternoon to dedicate to others is not easy . For this reason those young people who are engaged in volunteering activities must be admired by the society because they are able at the same time to care about their own good and that of the others . I , for example , dedicate my Friday afternoon to help young children with their homework . This activity gives me a lot , but often I have to renounce to study in order to have time to do it . The amount of young people not involved in volunteering activies is big , but at the same the number of young people involved in these activities is big too . These young people have to be admired because they are able , within a week full of things to do , to find time to dedicate to others .
(ARA,low) The Key Of Success All of us in this life are watching for success because these word means a lot for our societies , it is the key for acheiving all our objectives that we want to make it real and taingable , so all what we want to say is to be more risky and to inovate our ideas to be the one 's who need to succeed in their life . First of all in my opinion there is no taste for the life without success , and as we said before success need risky . So to make your life more tasty and more fantastic you must always be risky in your work life and also in your society ... taking risk helps you as a person to know your knowledge to do these job that you take risk in it ... Second , to be risky you must know how to take your decsion , it means not to be risky in all things , because it could be dangerous for you to be risky at all . So you must know how to get your opportunity and then you will take a decsion in taking the risk in doing this kind of work . At this time you will know the taste of succeed by knowing when and where i might to be risky or not ... Third some people dont accept themselves to be risky because they think that this kinds of work are based on the imagination , and they believe only in taingable thing or in real things that found in their hands so they dont try to improve their opportunity to succeed more and more in thier life . At the end i want to say that life without success is nothing , and success without risky is also nothing . so this two elements are related to each other . So to acheive our goals and also to increase our opportunity we must be more creative and more risky .
(TUR,high) I agree that most of the advertiesements are used to make products seem much netter than they really are . We can see many exaples of this phenomenon in our daily lives . Ads have been an inevitable component of the daily media , such as TVs , newspapers , radio , even along the wall of the subways we use to go work every day . the advertisments are continously trying to make us believe that some products are worth buying . By without even we got influenced by them , we by tons of equipment that we do not even need at all . A serious problem I see with the advertisements that they lack honesty most of the time . generally , those who prepare tyhe ads resort to tricks and misleading statements that show their products better that they actually are . In the following , I will give my obsrevations on this issue . Firstly , I think that most ads try to show a product different than what it actually is because there are many similar products of the same kind in the market . Therefore , advertisements use some lies to make their products distinguished among all its competitors . recently , I needed some cutting equipment forthe kitchen . In one of the examples , i saw a set of equipment which is told to be able decrease the time spent in the kitchen to half . The knife kit was shown to be able to form varuious structures to cut different vegetables . It was said to hae a mode for potatoe kneeling anothe mode for peeling carrots . having influenced by this , I ordered the specific set of knives . However , the result shocked me . What I bought turned out to be a simle set of knives bundled with some simpel plasic boxes . Obviously , I felt cheated . this is an example how advertisements can be effective in showing things different than they truly are . Moreover , I think the technique of distorting the truth has become the unofficial definition of the advertisement . There are many examples to convince me to think so . Today , the advertisers use various techniques to show the products brighter than they are . They use television shows to ` prove ' the usefullness of the product . However , all those shows are set up previously . They consist of people just playing their roles to convince us on the merits of a product . Today , there are even some Tv channels just for this purpose . Advertising relies on exxagerating the positie sides of a product while suppressing the negative sides . An example is thebrochures of holiday resorts . Theyu always show high storey buildings with a big swimming poo in front . the scene is always bright with a smiing face in teh background . Once I have been decepted by the beauty of such a brochure to buya holiday program on seaside . however , what I ended up when I arrived the holiday resort was a disaster . thre was a pool , but it was not functioning . the picture on the brochure did not belong to the actual building . This was a very bad experince , which strenghtens my belief on the fact that advertiesements are used to make products seem much netter than they really are . As a conclusion , I agree that advertiemnts are used to sho the products better than they are . I think this is done in order to make a specific product distinguishable among other similar ones . Moreover , I believe that this approach has been the norm among the advertisers . Therefore , one should be very careful when making results based on ads . The results can be very disappointing , as it was the case for my kitchen tool or my disastrous summer holiday .
(GER,high) `` Taking risks and gainig success is a combination which connot be split , because one thing is the reason for the other one '' . This was nearly the first setence I heard by my professor of economics . Now , approximately 18 months after I heard this statement , I am discussing the advantages and disadvantages of people who take risks and the effect this has on their success . I reckon that , as it can be observed in the global economy , business just seems to work by taking risks . Therefore people like managers , who are involved in deciding-processes , are responsible for their decision . In some cases they can be wrong , but in others , they are right and for being right they ear honour , apart from the money they get , which makes them successful even in another direction . If there were no people taking these risks , our whole economy would not be so developed as it is , because without visions of people and their risks to put them into action , many of us would not have a job for instance . Additionally , I think that it is routine that makes people sick of the life they live . People who always do the same things for years are often unsatisfied with their life . I would truly recommend those people to live their dreams and to go for their goals , because everybody has visions and targets , which are worth to be fought for . However , in my opinion , every change is connected with a certain risk . Consequently everyone should balance if a new beginnig would lead to a better state of satisfaction . It appears to me that successful people nearly all share one common character trait : their self-confidence . Self-confidence is absolutely a most for being successful because there are always hard situations and some people who do not make life easier for someone , who is progress of changing something . Finally it want to support my arguments by citing my own philosophy of life : `` By taking risk , connected with a bit of luck , people can built a bridge from all the stones they get thrown on their track to success and satisfaction . ''
(GER,high) While some people have a deep and specific knowledge of one subject , others have a broad knowledge of many subjects . The question arises which of those options is better . I persoally agree with the statement and think that a broad knowledge is better . If you have a deep knowledge of one specific topic , you surely are a specialist in your specific field of interest . You may call yourself an expert . You can work on one topic that you like and that maybe has become part of your life . However , the disadvantage is that you only have specific knowledge , which in the worst case could lead to a lack of understanding for other topics . As life has lots of facets , it would be useful in my opinion to have a broad knowledge of topics which concern the world we live in . Although with a broad knowledge you are never excellent in one specific topic and may not see your own academic development in your field of interest , you gain an insight in various subjects and , which is most important , you can also use your knowledge in daily life situations . That knowledge can in a way widen your horizon and maybe it could as well be very useful . If you can speak lots of language for example , this could be handy for you when you go on holidays and find yourself in conversations with native speakers . In this daily life situation it is more useful to speak a few languages in an average way than to speak one language perfectly . I think you cannot say in general if it is always better to have a broad knowledge or a specific knowledge . It appearently depends on the character of the person and his or her preferences . Nevertheless , maybe you could also make a comprise . You could have your own specific subject but at the same you could confront yourself with other subjects in order not to lose yourself in one specific topic .
(KOR,medium) It is often said that introducing product 's advertisement makes products seem much more better than they are . some people might agree with the statement because recently knowing products always make people think it is the best without full understanding of inner part of products . However , I disagree with the statement because of requirement of high quality of product , and rare bad products from company . To begin with , any product association requires the company 's high quality of product so it actually seem better when people get their product and see what their product has special things on the surface of it than just watching it through advertisement . For example , when I was watching Braum 's milk advertisement , it does n't really change my mind from not buying to buying their product but when I went to the Braum 's and look up their product 's nutridition sign and others , it really makes me their product is a good and healthy for me . Thus , advertisement does not seem better than it is . In addition , company 's bad products prove that advertisement is not better than it really is . We all watching advertisement once a week then order their product but sometimes you get worse product than you really think when you are watching their product on Television . For instance , according to the article , people found out rat in KFC chicken then they got serious disease for a year . However , their advertisement show us that they only get their chickens from the perfectly clear farms . Futhermore , most advertisements make products 's quality worse than what really are . In brief , I firmly believe that the product own itself is better than it 's advertisement because of two examples of requirement of high quality of product and rare bad products from company . Hence , these important facts cannot be underestimated to purchase company 's product .
(GER,high) The sentence `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , '' opens a wide field for discussion . Asked whether I agree or disagree with it , I must say that I agree . I want to explain this opinion in the following . The first question ask is : What is the issue here ? What does `` to understand ideas and concepts '' mean ? Understanding ideas presupposes the capabilty for analytical thinking . This is something students can acquire by discussing arguments , by asking questions and listening to other arguments . In doing so , students prepare for their future professional life in training the necessariy abilities . Understanding ideas also means to apply conceptional methods of working . Here , arguments from different persepectives or disciplines are linked in order to achieve a more comprehensive picture of a matter . This also enables and trains students to think beyond the boundaries of their own disciplines - a quality that is required in professional life . To conceptualize ideas and hypotheses is important for a dialogue with others - students or colleagues . Students are forced to think for themselves and strenghen this ability . If the understanding of ideas and concepts is emphasized in the learning process , students will later be able to apply their knowledge with confidence . This is of great importance within processes of competition . Also , the delineation of arguments , describing facts and processes is better done if students have a comprehensive knowledge of their subjects rather than learned pure facts . Understanding ideas and concepts is a necessary precondition for research , where abilities to remember facts and combine them in new & unusual manners are necessary . This said , I , of course , think that the learning of facts is important , too . But I regard it as a precondition for the process of understanding ideas . Facts alone do not say much . Also , facts alone can be much easier misused . What is needed for understanding of facts is the context . The meaning of a fact in most cases only becomes clear if the fact is contextualized . Being critical of something also is a very important precondition for research activities . Being critical is only possible if
(ITA,medium) I 'm agrre with this statemnt . Often we can try some product that with : strategic spot , beautifull graphics , a sofisticated marketing plan seem much better than they really are . This fact is most common today , to sell a product is difficult because there are many competitors and the image of the products now is more important of the principally carachteristhics . However , today the industries spend much mony to prepare and realize tv spot , or big marketing plans and in the sametime do n't spend money for the research . A perfect example are the `` Pringles '' . This most important brand was born under a numerous tv spots , where a voice said and says also now that , this type of food are light , genine , without fats , and zero Kcal . Than is presented like a real potatoes ' food and like a perfect food for children . But the reality is very different from this . Infact Pringles are a very fat snack . This similar potatoes are kooking with dust of dry potatoe , and fried whit dangerous oil without oxygen . This tipe ofindustrialization process create a false potate , infact all the pringles have the same size and design and this is impossible for a natural potatoe . Than this fried potatoes , like all the fired food has many Kcal and it'isnt a perfect element for a guys diet . But the succes of this food are his comunicative proprieties . And if the people make more importance at the words instead at the subst
(CHI,medium) I am so agree with the statement . This is also what i like to do all the time , being a creative people . I think this is very important to be a successful people . I think if people want to be sucessful , you have to take risk , try something new that people do n't know very well . Because if you keep doing the things people already know a lot about it , You ca n't be better than the people who are very professional on it . There are a lot of famous people in the world . Why could they be so successful ? Because they keep trying new things . For example , Bill Gazs , the rishest man in the world . But do you know he dropped out of the college in the second year . Do you think if he did n't take the risk of dropping out of the college to try something new or you can call the computer revolution , he would be so successful like this . I guess it is no . However , if you keep doing the microsoft ware now , you would not be successful on it , i am pretty sure it will not . Because no body can produce the microsoft product better than he do . That is why you have to produce something new , something quite different and more convenient . A lot of people are being normal , because they do n't rather to take risk , even if he is very good at it and have very good oppurtunities . Of course we ca n't ignor those people who want to be normal . This is why successful people are usually few in the society . I bevelive successful people 's life should be very exciting , and they are the kind of people who like exciting . Because they take risk , and nobody would know what is going to come out . And sucess would be one of the results . Is n't it exciting ?
(ITA,medium) In my opinion most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , but I think it 's the marketing way . It 's absolutely comprensible that a company wants seem an his product better than it really is ; a company , in fact , have to see multiple factors , like for example the actractivity of the market , the other concorrent companies and in this situation the impact with the customers is fundamental . We can think , to understand the concept , how much advertisement is watched on tv ; if a message is reiceved from a lot of people , a certain product can be buyed from a large part of the population . Probably this way is not ethically correct ; a person can be fascinated from a particular type of product , after the wiew of the advertisement , and then he can discover that this product is not what he expected . But I repeat that this is the market law , so the companies ca n't make in other terms . I think the positive way of this process is that a good product can have a lot of visibility wih the advirtisement . My mind goes , for example , to Linux , an alternative software ; most of IT 's experts say it 's better then Windows , but it does n't have the necessary visibility ( and many other factors : for example Linux is not organized as a company like his concorrent ) to fight it . In many cases I have choosen a product for the fantastic advertisement of that product ; I like very much Coca - Cola , I ever buyed it , probably I 'd prefer Pepsi , but I have never buyed it , because I 'm a fanatic customers of Coke , in part for his beautiful advertisements , that remind me when was a chld . In other words , a lot of advertisemnets can decide the consumation of a produc
(CHI,medium) Nowadays , quite a few students pay attention to understand ideas and concepts in the subjects . Other students , However focus on the facts . As far as I am concerned , I believed that it is more important and necessary for students to understand and master ideas and concepts that they learned . Among those countless factors , there are three conspicuous aspects as follows . The main reason that students should understand ideas and concepts is that ideas and concepts are the basic for the subjects . Only do students master the ideas and concepts , they could completely understand the facts . For a example , when we understand the Newton Law , we could explain many facts that occur around us . We know why the water would drop down and apples would fall to the ground when they are in ripe . Another reason can be seen that student could learn and study deeply after they get to know the ideas and concepts . Students might learn more knowledges by themselves concerning to the subject . Because they grasp essential ideas and concepts . It is important for students that they could learn more knowledge and explain the reason that might difficult to understand from the surface . Furthermore , some facts are temporary and not forever . Without understand the ideas and concepts , it is really difficult to know the truth . Such as acid rain , which is partially caused by increasing industries . Since we know the truth of the acid rain , people could try to control and eliminate the waste gas given from the manufactories . In conclusion , although some facts are easy to learn , it is not solution to learn the knowledge . When students understand the ideas and concepts , they not only could master the truth of the knowledge , but also help them to gain more ability to learn deeply . In addition , after students understand the ideas and concepts , they might know how to take action to resolve the problems .
(ITA,high) A key to answer to this question is to think about the different pourposes of study . Certainly , a specialization in a specific academic topic is essential to do any research . First because the specialization brings to a more deep knowledge , and then to a better comprehension . Besides , if you want to say any orginal thing concerning a subject , you will have to know almost all has already been done or written . In this sense , a focalized study is foundamental . On the other hand , if you want to reasearch , a broad knowledge is surely useful . Your mind will be more open , and outside of your topic you will find diffent approach to problems that can help you . You will may also bring ideas from other fields to your specific one . You will be able to use the analogy to resolve you problems , that is a very powerful method . From these observations , is surely better not to specialize . If the pourpose of the study is merely to stay in the world with more instruments , a person that has studied many different topics will be more cultured . So he or she will be in a better position than anyone that has n't studied or that has studied only one thing . It will also be more difficult to betray him or her . Whatever are your pousposes , if you do n't stop studying , you will be always curious , and your brain will always be active . Concernig this , there two other reasons that support the idea of not to restrict the fields of interest . Once you have read all has been written on you topic , will you be able to start studying a different subject , or , on the contrary , you wo n't ? It is known that any different topic involves a different part of brain ; it is vital for the development of the whole brain not to specialize , but to learn about very different subjects , like music , literature , sciences . On conclusion , is better not to spend all you efforts on only one topic , but to study how much subjects as you can . It will help you in your work , in your life , and will keep safe longer your brain .
(FRE,medium) I would love to believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . But it is sad to see in human history that most times we have made the good choices too late . However two major contemporary problems seem to support this opinion : the huge ammount of air pollution caused by vehicules all around the world and the fact that we are running out of fuel reserves . Which means that basicly we should stop using our cars as much for the sake of the environment and we are going to have to anyway in the future . At least in what concerns cars as we know them today . So the question is : why are n't we changing now the way our vehicules work since we are going to have to do it anyway ? Why not find today an energy that would keep our cars running but would n't pollute ? The truth is that modern technology is able to do that - cars that run with electricity or solar panels exist - but the finantial intrest of these massive gas and oil companies seems to come first . I once heard a sentence that resumes this attitude . Two oil investors , one says to the other : `` One day with all the money we make from industry we will be able to clean up the environment '' . But this is simply not true . At one point it does become too late . We have to act now so that in twenty years there will be indeed fewer cars that cause pollution . This transition can be done today with significant changes . For example , why should every member of a family have a car when one is enough ? We should all start taking the bus .
(FRE,high) A few years from now , companies thought that the best way to sell a product was to make the best one . But with the arrival of new means of communication , such as television , companies understood the importance of marketing , and more specifically of advertisement . Now , advertisers are ready to pay more and more to have their products known and reknown . And it is true that sometimes , they do n't hesitate to present their products with much better qualities than their real ones . It is obvious that the consumer wants the best quality product at the best price . But the act of purchasing a product seldom is just the act of paying it in the supermarket . It is all the act of thinking ( even unconsciously ) to the product you are going to buy . Marketters have understood that , this is why they want to conquer the customer as early as possible . And in order to make him buy their product they have to show it is the best . This is why products often seem much better in advertisements than they really are , in order to please the customer very early in his purchasing process . In some countries , comparative advertisement is allowed . This is the way nike showed a few days ago in the US that their shoes were better than their competitors Reebok or Adidas . However , in scientific tests carried upon those three brands of shoes , no test revealed the best quality of nike ones . Advertisement is the best way to convey a good image of a brand or product . We 'll can remember the great failure of the Renault 14 in France , which was actually a good car , but for which the advertisement said : Imagine a pear . Obviously the consumer did n't want a pear when buying a car ... A study carried on consumers which were asked to drink , without seeing the products , one glass of Coca-Cola , and one glass of Pepsi showed that 9 people out of 10 preferred Pepsi , whereas when they were asked which brand they preferred and bought , 9 out of 10 answered Coca-Cola . This shows the importance of conveying a good image of the brand . However , some laws exist in order to prevent advertisers from making fake ads : they cannot say their products has this or that quality if it has not . Finally , not omly ads , bu
(TUR,high) Everyday the people are exposed to a variety of information sets and details . In my opinion the thing that matters is not the amount of the information and he facts about this information sets but the ideas and the concepts that are embedded within these information tests . As a result I can say yhat I agree with the statement that '' it is important for students to understand the ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn the facts . There are supportive reasons why I think like that . First reason why I agreee with the statement is the fact that there are huge numbers of facts and details in so many lectures . For example , as an economic students in every macroeconomic course we see a lot of details about the policies that the countries follow to decrease inflation . In these policies several countries are contrasted according to which type of policy it pursues . In my point of view , here the crucial point must be the ideas and concepts that are related to the policies of various countries . It does not make sense if the students are forced to learn the inflation rates in each country for a specific period of time . Second reason is that when students are obliged to learn the facts and other unneccessary details there would exist some serious problems that are related to concentration of the students in learning the topics . For instance in my history class , our lecturer had forced us to learn all the dates for the wars that our nation had . As this was the situation , I simply concentrated on the specific dates and did not even focus on the ideas and concepts of the wars . That is to say , I just learned the dates but could not get any idea about the causes and consequences of the war , which are more crucial aspect than the dates . As a result I passed the course without knowing the basic ideas and concepts . In conclusion , the students should be encouraged to understand the ideas and the concepts rather than the facts . By doing so , students can learn more efficiently and they can be aware of more concepts . Moreover , when the students are exempted from learning the facts and unneccessary details , they will surely focus and concentrate on the topics that they are handling . Thus a well developed generation may be created by pursuing such kind of a policy .
(JPN,medium) i storongry agree with this statement for following several reasons . nowadays , world is getting smaller due to grobalization . so people can see many advertisement . even if they are foreign companys . first , when i was kids . icould find toy that exactly i want . i called company to order it . few days leter it was deliveried to me. however , there was atoy which much smaller than i expected . i was taken shock because they send me fake . i was calling to company which i ordered . on the other hands , there were small explanetion about toy ` it may change from image '' however almost people do not pay attention so much detail . fortunally i could refund from them . so it wa s first time to know about risks of adovertisements . second , almost people who live in the society have experience which can see advertisemant of food . they are typical advertisements which look better than real . i have no memory that foods were better than advertisement . so this problem is very close to our life . one time i went to eat sea food near by ocean . then i saw great picture about shupimp . so friends and i decided to go there . actually that restaurant didnt look nice . however we trusted advertisement of them . after get seat , we order the shupimp which was advertisement . however the sarved us shupimp which less than half of it . we were so dissapointed and sad . finally , like this advertisements have possibilities to get sued . it is kind of crime because they do not tell a truth . coupanies have responsibilities to tell the real quality about ther works . also there are so many coumpanise all over the world . i really want they to make sure what is the justice for customer . in conclusion , nowadays , people really need to pay attention to advertisement . that is the only way to protect our expense . also they must make customers dissapoint so i really hope them to abandant this silly custom .
(ARA,high) A community can not stand up alone . The government does its best to improve its community . Those in charge do what they can inorder to help their communities . But the question is : can the government or those in charge improve a community by themselves ? In other words , can they improve a community without the help of young people ? Some young adults think that they have nothing to do with their community . They think that it is not their responsibilty to help their communities . Others believe that they have to help their community , even if they do not have enough time . In my opinion , young people nowadays should devote time to helping their communities . There are several reasons why they should do this . First , those in charge can not perform all their jobs or activities alone . They need support and help from the young people . For example , if the government decides to build a healthy , clean club for the sake of young people , can this happen if a young people enters this club smoking a cigaratte or if h/she throws a waste paper ? Moreover , the youth should help keeping the river and streets clean because this would make their community healthy and free of any pollution . Second , young people should help their communities by devoting time and money to charity 's activities . For example , they would visit an orphanage , play with orphans , buy them new clothes and toys , and so on . This would help in building up a flourishing , kind community . In conclusion , there are many reasons why young adults should devote enough time to help their communities . They have to support the governement in new project by avoiding doing such bad habits as smoking or throwing wates in the streets or rivers . Second , they may help the community by performing charities ' activities which would help the community in lifting up the spirits of the poor and the orphans . Thus , I believe that it 'd be great if young people devote much of their time in helpinh their communities .
(CHI,medium) Nowadays the advertisement ( ad ) is one of popular methods for producers to promote the sale of the products . However , the information of the ad intrigues a ferece debate whether the inforamtion in the ad is authentic and believable . Some people think that the ad has the strong tendency to exaggerate the function and effect of products for attracting the user 's eyes . Other people would like to agree that the false ad is impossible at modern society for that such behavior make the industry face high risk . In my point of view , the information in the advertisement is credibable because the deceiptive commercial behavior will cause the severe damage once the misconduct is confirmed by society or government . First of all , the producer has no the necessicity to take the false strage to tempt the customers . the maind purpose of ad taken by producers is to release the product information for enhancing the product sale . Normally more invest on the product more sale increase with the corresponding the profit . So most of merchants , especially the famous international productors , have no the will to intentionally exaggerate the information in their ad . Second , the contents of ad are seriously governed by the offical government . There is law specific for the ad to manage the ad behavior , especially against the false content ad . Before releasing the ad content has been subjected to the governmental check . Also the the ad company such as TV station will do some survey to confirm the truth of the information provided by the producters . Therefore , it is hard for the producers to find the chance to publish their overexaggerated ad . Third , the misconduct by false ad will cause great loss for the producers . Once the false content in ad has been found and confirmed , the company will get the direct punishment from the government due to inviolation of the law . Moreover , the company will not be accepted by the traditional customers , which will further make the producer loss the market . To summerize , no producer have the bravey to do the false ad and run high risk to do such misconduct . so we should trust most the ad in no all .
(HIN,high) I disagree with the idea that in about 20 years time frame there will be fewer cars in use that there are today . The reasons for my disagreement follow . Firstly , the populations , as always , is on a high rise and will continue to do so . Hence , there will be more people travelling on the same and limited space on earth . Further , the birth rate and life expectancy of the people has been increasing , with the help of medical advancements that are made everyday , and hence , there will be more number of people who will be in a position to either drive the car by themselves or at least travel in the cars . Hence , there will be a definite need of more cars as there will be more people for using the cars . Secondly , advancements in the machinery of the cars and various parts of the cars are being made every passing day . Such advencements are also directed towards cutting down the cost of the cars . If the cost of the cars is reduced to great levels , more people will be able to afford a seperate car for themselves . Thirdly , the world is growing global with every passing day and each member in most of the families has seperate goals and different daily routine . In order to achieve their goals and lead their different daily routines , each member in the family may need a seperate car . Hence , the idea that the number of cars will be reducing in future is not a realistic one . Although , I agree that with the increment in the number of cars , more fuel will be needed and we have limited source of energy and resources of fuel . But with the researchers making continuous efforts for creating and finding new sources of energy , it is not far that we will stop using conventional sources of energy and will have newer sources of energy . For example , it is not far that we will be able to utilize the solar energy for driving our cars , in fact , many of the cars that run on solar power are already in the market . For all the reasons listed above , I disagree with the idea that there will be fewer cars in use after 20 years that there are today .
(CHI,medium) In the modern times , there are many smart and brave people would like to chanllge t heold things or authority . They are successful , and they try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . They become so bravely , because many reasons . First , their successful experiences make them own faith to themselves to take the new difficult risks . Secondly , theses people who can get successful are always gald to chanllge the new things . Thirdly , the new things can make the successful people feel more exciting . First of all , The successful people would like to take the new things as their risks because they have faith to themselves that they can do a great job . The successful people are powerful , and they also understand more power means more chance to get success , so they believe their power can help them to finish the difficult risks . Secondly , Most of times the successful people like the navigatior , becasue they think the old things are dull and would like to chanllge the new things better than other people . From the chanllge to new risk , they can get new useful experinces and self-faith . Lastly , the successful people can get fun from the new things , because the new risks can bring more exciting for them during the processes that they finish the risks . Because of thier risks are new , they never tough even konw before , and they can isprie thier mind , and give they a total new feeling . The successful people prefer to take the new things as their risks becasue of many factors . They have self-faith to themselves . They trust their abilities can make them to do a good job . Their courage and wise tell them that they shou
(SPA,medium) The human knowledge can be formed by different topics , subjects , expiriences , memories and very important ; by many academic subjects . Then , if we are able to broad knoledge of many academic subjects , why to specialize in one specific subject ? . On the one hand , when people often specialize only in one specific subject their basic knowledge is , obviously , going to be all about that specific subject . But , in the other hand thos who learn many subjects , and do not focus only in one , in my opinion are the ones who are closer to succes . I am going to support my opinion with two ordinary and essential examples . First , in our ordinary lifes we are expose to many different situations and expiriences , which we do not know if those are going to be easy or difficult to handle . For example , an ordinary conversation with your parter can be easy , but if you are talking to your boss you have to be prepared by having the necessary knowledge in a variety of different subjects . For this reason , we have to be prepared and to have all the necessary knowledge to be ready to defend any topic or subject that we are expose . By knowing all the information about only one subject will not help you to escape of a problem if it is based in another subject . Second , the fact of wanting to be a good professional gives you chance to work in many different areas . For example , these are can be : bussiness , advertising , laws , and many more . So , if you are specialize only one subject gives you limites . In contrast , if you are well prepared with knowledge of different subjects you are able to establish a conversation in any topic . In conclusion , is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , than to specialize in one specific subjest . For the reason that it makes you a prepared person in every way .
(ITA,medium) how many cars there will be in the future ? it 's impossible to know , but we could think about different ipotetic solutions . for example if the petroil will be less in the future probably an effective reduction of cars could be there in the next twenty years . but maybe a new scientific solutions will be find , and a new engine like oxigen or hydrogen could be emply for replace the petroil . in my opinion i think cars will not decrease in the future . why ? it is very simple , every year there is an esponential growth of people in the world . what does this means ? only one thing , more people more cars . i think at this time , every family has one cars for each familiy 's members more or less . for example my family is composed by 4 person , me , my brother and my parents . me with my mother drive the same car , my father has two cars , my father 's company gives him one , the second car he buys for sparetime . my brother has a car and also a motocycle . at the end there are 4 cars in my family how we are . how i could think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use there are today ? it 's impossible . the only solution , it is enlarge the public communication system , for example put in the city 's roads more bus or tram than now , or increase the railways services , built underground system in the big city . to support this solution is necessary also an other factors : make cheaper than now the public services . until now if i use my car is cheaper than buy a railway ticket . every year the ticket is more expensive . why does it happens ? the governement shoul make easier to use public service not harder , also for a different reason : decrease the pollution of environement , use in the best way the nature 's energies and does n't waste them because very soon can be ended . for all of these reasons , i think is necessary a large dose of good intention to make possible the statement : fewer cars in the future . everyone must to do something to built this dream !
(JPN,low) I agree with the statement `` most advertisements make products seem mush better than they really are . '' The first reason is that they are useing the light and many staff to make the products more colorful , freash , and tasty and show to costmors the photo . I had many expriencese about food . When I was living in the domn , I was hungry and lazy to cook by myself then I went market and bought some instant food . On the box , the picture was looks like so nice , but after I went back home and ate . It was so nasty . I just throw it in to trushcan . The second reason is that nowdays every company want to sell their products to costmors to get more money , so no one want to say our products are n't very good . It is meaning they can be honest to costmos . They only think about how to sell even they will cheat on costmors . Overall , that is why I belive most advertisements make products seem much better
(TUR,medium) Nowadays it is considered as a very popular topic that one should have knowledge of many academic subjects or specialize in one topic . Many people ignores this topic but it is very important for the university students and ones who have an aim to have an academic career . Opponents of the idea ` having one specific subject ' consider that one should have relative subjects like maths and physics , so when they see an Integral in the middle of a physics lesson , they should avoid the problems with ease . Moreover they think that one can earn much money when s/he has two or more subjects . In addition to that it will ease the communication between student and teacher , when they have many things to talk about . Although in first sight it is seen that one should have many academic subjects , it is not like it is seen . First of all one should know a lot of things about Maths if she/he is a physician . So s/he does n't have to make longer his/her study and be also an mathematician . It will bore the teacher when s/he is young and a university student and s/he can change his/her plan being an academician . In addition to that it is always considered that one can earn a lot of money when s/he has two or more subjects . The answer is simple : No ! The academicians are paid by the hours that they teach . No one pay you much money even if you have ten subjects or one . The payment is always the same . Thirdly physicians do n't have to know much about psychology . Because thay have no time to spend with another subject for just finding a topic with students to talk about . If they want to talk about something they can talk about football matches , TV programs etc .. At last we should consider that academicians are busy people and they are being waited for the researches and new technologies . The second subject will reduce the chance of discover the new part of the modern life because thay wo n't have time and energy to focus on the new researches . If everyone could do just his/her own job , the world would have been probably different and lovely ..
(GER,medium) I am supposed to answer the question , wheter young people enjoy life more than older people do . The first question to be answered is : What do people mean , saying they are `` enjoying '' life , because the feeling of enjoying is a very subjective matter . I think there are just a very few things ( almost ) every person does enjoy : football for boys , shopping for girls , having sex ( both ) . Therefore I will not be able to answer the question in a sufficient way . But I will do my best . From my point of view there are differents kinds of `` how to enjoy life | , and every of these kinds has its own time in life . I think young people do take advantage of the possibilities given to them . They are more active and trying to enjoy live as much as they can . This means they will travel , party and try to get to know as much as possible . Especially in the 21st century there are nearly no limits reffering mobility . But at the same time young people have to build up theire - let me say - base for whole live : That means they have to decide what kind of profession to take , what kind of lifestyle to chose and to decide which goals they want to achieve in life . That sounds - and I do think that is true - like a lot of work and responsibily in this early stage of life . And if you decide to build up a career and to have a family this means that you have a lot to do in the next years - and you will not be able to enjoy your life in the way you did before . Hopefully you will still enjoy your life - just in another way . That what I meant , stating that there are different stages of enjoying .. In case you are successfull and you pass all these tasks you will have the chance to enjoy your life , even if you are an old grey man or an old grey woman . In the best case you will be wise , happy and just very satisfied with your life - and you will just not be able to understand where the young peope take all the energy from , they d
(SPA,medium) Sucess is a famous word used in our everyday lives . Why sucess is so important ? For me is something we have to figure it out . You ca n't said for being sucessful you need to be like this or like that , because it depend of our goals or the goals of our society . I 'm agree when is stablished that `` Sucessful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' . I 'm agree with this statement because our life is compound by layers of goals , certainly a person without goals is a person without purpose in life . People who we describe as sucess is people who take chances , people who is prepare to take their life in their hands and make things possible . People who we admire is people that tried something new things and got sucess in it . How we are going to be call sucessfull is always is doing the same thing , and do n't try anything new to applied the characteristic of sucesful , for being sucesfull you need an action before the adjetive . How could we describe something that does n't happen yet . It is impossible . It is like our college live you have to take new classes everytime , but before taking a new class , you need to sucesfully pass the that class that you are taking in the actual moment . When You pass that class , you can go to the next level , why ? because you was succesful in the last want . The term of succesfulness is a term for steps in our life , but for keeping being sucessful we have to try new things in a new level to can be call succesfull again . I you do the same thing that you already know how to do well , you can be describe as you WAS succesful when you succed and learn how to did that well , but that was in the past , to be sucessful in a present tense you need to do something in which you could succeed .
(SPA,medium) All descoveries and inventions have come up from the mind of those who no happy with the things that they already know tried to explore and resulted in amazing improvements for the humanity . When a person take a risk is creating the possibility of a new learning . When the artist works only manually and in the way he knows , he is priving himself from acquaring new tecnics provide by the sorounded world . Even if his work is beautifully done , if he does n't learn how to develop new skills acording with the necesities of others , he will be isolated . Also , when a person focus in just doing the things he knows how to do well , he is creating some specialization that can reduce his intelligence and reduced his world to a narrow view . The person who takes risk is the one who would be able to adapt more easily to unstable enviorements . In the new world , all conditons require changes and adaptation in no time . Work policies , health conditions , ways of living , and in general , everything in life is continuining pushing subjects into new fields and unexpected conditions . For being sucessful , the person has to adapt like the evolution of the species and be able to resolve conflicts for subsist . All happiness require some risk . When the person walks in the secure path wo n't ever know how wonderful his life could have been if he had decided to risk . It could have been much better to the one he has now . But his fear to try new things will make his life safe but maybe unhappy . All the great things in life have come from taking new chances , from exploring new o even when the person can lose some in the process . But the falls , and learn form them make the life richer .
(JPN,medium) I disagree because It does not matter to try new things and this is showing that only doing what they already know how to do well is better than tring new things . First in fact I was tring to learn how to speak spanish for 2 years in middle school and after that I mastered how to speak spanish however I forgot to speak English . I used to talk Japanese at home everytime . There was no relation between I and speaking English . My frends are all Japanese . Trying new thigs make people confuse . If peope confuse amd they cannot understand what will happen next . So you have to tell apart which is more important , the future or the present . In addtion I had to take a physical test in middle school so I was tring to do my best . On that day I did it very seriously and I was very happy . However my leg was hurting next day . I went to hospital and I was examined by a doctor . He said you have to wait for 2 months to heal your leg . I was in a baseball team and I was a pitcher of the team . I could not believe it . My friends are disappointed . I was alone and I cannot bear about it so I change my favorate sport . Eventually if people try hard and hard or thier body will break . I think that people should concentrate now not the future . In fact present is more important than the past and the future , If People do not want to do thier best or someone complain and scold you . However it does not matter a little . Your life should be decided by you . It does not relate a little between the present and the future . I would like to import the present not the future .
(TUR,medium) Traffic is a big problem in great cities like Istanbul , Paris , New York . Because there are a lot of cars . The number of cars are increasing because of populations increasing . This couses more problems in traffic . Researchers are looking for alternative approaches to solve this problem . I think that in twenty years there will be fewer car in use than tere are today . Firstly , researchers developing the trains . Cars are more popular than trains in today . On the other hand , cars popularity will decrease in future . Because in future there will be faster and more comfortable trains than in today . Governments will develop and build better railroads too . As a result of these popularity of trains will increase and popularity of cars will decrease . Morower , air travel will also be more popular in future . The number of air travel firms is increasing everyday . Because of the competition , the price of tickets is decreasing . So , air travel becomes more common and popular . People prefer going to far places by using airoplanes . The number of helicopters is increasing too . These are other factors that cause decrease in number of cars . Lastly , if you think that technology is developing very fast , you will think that trains and planes will be more popular and cheaper in a short time period . Twenty years is a short peariod of time for the developments of trains and planes . Consequently , cars will lose their popularity in twenty years . Because people will prefer travelling by trains and planes rather than travelling by cars . Technology developing will result with faster and more comfortable trains and planes . So , the number os cars will decrease in twenty years .
(KOR,high) Recently , I am questioning myself in what age will I be able to enjoy my life . As a 23 year old university student , I came to the conclusion that older people enjoy life more than younger people . Some people would think that young people enjoy their life more than older people do because they are young . However , the real enjoyment of life cannot come in a young age . First of all , young people do not have enough achievements and experience to enjoy life . This may will sound strange to some people but in my opinion , to enjoy life , people have to have some kind of accomplishments . I consider enjoyment as an in-depth pleasure that comes out of achivements a person has made and from occurances that a person has experienced . Partying all nights would not be considered as the real enjoyment of life . It can be a short time enjoyment but not in a long run . For example , this winter I met some old couples who have retired from their work when I was in Cancun , which is a city in Mexico . I could not forget the happy faces . I had some chances to talk to them and what I was told that they just started to enjoy their life which seemed hard to understand to me . What they were saying was that when they were young , they had so many things to worry , about the promotion in their work , their sons and daughters and so on . But now they know how to enjoy their life without worrying about the thinks that was considered to be important in their past . Secondly , young people do not have much composure in mind to enjoy life . Young people who are mostly considered students have to work and study days and nights for their future . They do not have enought time to look back and spend much time on their hobbies . But as people get older , people tend to spend more time for their own . There is somehting that my mother always says to me when I am slacking off . `` To enjoy your life when you get older , you have to sacrifice your youth . '' To conclude , even though it is hard to say that older people do enjoy life more than the younger people because there is not an exact boundary between old and young , I strongly believe that older people know how to enjoy their life because they have more achievements and experiences than the youngers have . To enjoy my life when I get older , I am working hard to build up a bright future . I hope that my belief that older people enjoy life more than younger comes true .
(FRE,medium) Every body have a weak in learnig , it seems to be boring and annoying , we do prefer understanding concepts , in all case teenagers ans students nowadays dont disapprouve me. we first have to know the advantages and inconvenients of learnings facts then we ll pass to the carachteristics of undesating ideas and concepts . pupils are less ans less patient in the academies and the try to escape the learning , but we should know that learning facts help us a lot for example if we have a test wich we are only required to give defintions like it was written in a book , we have to learn the concepts obligatory . i can add the it certainly help you for your after conversations with the others , the quality of your communication ll be better and you ll have more things to tell . There is now a kind of people who learn without knowing thhe concepts that is the big mistake , because in the reflexion questions the will be blocked and cannot response efficiently . Understanding concepts without learnig them can be a possible solution but not adapted in some cases . Understanding ideas and concepts show how the pupil is clever and his ability to print lesson in his mind . nevertherless some students overact and limit there comprehesnion without revising anymore . Unstead of escape the learning part , we must be clever and combine understanding and learning to obtain better results . That s what i try to do this year , the french baccalaureat need learnings facts by heart , but meanwhile i do my best to understand the difficult concepts of economy , law and management . it is shown that the best way to improove results in general is the combinaison of this two fundemantal procedure in school . we all have to use it if we are ambitious and expecting succes .
(JPN,medium) I disagree with the statement . I think it 's so hard to decrease the number of cars and it takes more than twenty years . I will describe my main ideas . First , it is true that there are many people who go to their offices or schools by car . They use cars because they do n't have any other ways such as trains or buses . The solution for this problem is to construct them more . If the govenment does it , cars will be fewer , but it takes a lot of time and cost . In addition to it , I do n't think that the government take an immediate action for that . Second , actually cars are convenient , especially if you live in a rural area . People who live in a rural area , for example , ca n't go to the supermarket by their foot , because it is too far . That 's why these people have to use cars even if they do n't to want to . The solution for this problem is to built many stores in a rural area , but it is not easy and realistic . As long as there are rural countries , cars will not be decreased . Third , there are many works which need cars . For example , carring goods from manufacturing companies to stores . They are forced to use cars , because they have a lot of things to carry . For these reasons , I disagree with the statement .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . i think successful person is one who had done many risky thinks in his life time thats why we called him as an successful person , we dont achive great things if we ar n't take risk . For example if we consider MADUM CURY she was on of the great women scientest 's , she discovered RADIUM ELEMENT , it is one of the natural element which emmites radiation , at the time of reasearching she knew that radiations from the radium could cause a very seviour dammage to her body , even though she knew it she has taken the risk , which led to the finding of radium , radium is use to generate electricity , and is also used to cure the some of cancer deasess , at the time of her experiments is she does want to take risk of her life now we probabuly may not know radium and there may not be cure of some of the cancer deasess . Another example is WRIGHT BROTERS who were the invention of the aeroplane , they ar n't invented aeroplane but they have invented the blue print of aeroplane and they have showed proof that humans can also fly like a bird , from their imaginations and their inspiration let into the invention of aeroplane . if they think that it is risk in doing experiments in flying , it is different from the way we see the world now . with this invention it make us easy to travell place to place and thier risk factor changed our way off seeing the world so with these specific reasons and example i think that there is no other way of getting success by try new things and taking risks .
(JPN,medium) In my opinion , I agree the state . Because knowledge of many academic subjects include in important . The human need to relate with various things . He is grew up by various things . And make his character . Having know ledge of many academic subjects , it 's possible for us to deeply grow up . Morever We may influence our firends and child , family . Because We are interested in various things . For example If I can be specialize in one specific subject , exactly my knowledge wil become deeply about it . but I am worry about flexivlel spirit . Often I may concentrate one thing , forget important things . So I think it 's better to have broad knowladge of many academic subjects . It is very useful , If you can change subject , you will do it . and you become specialist and having other subject . Thus it is sensible for you tohave various choosing plan in your futuer . When you will retire the your job , you will have get your favorite job . having verious ability , so this is one of the reason . second many knowledge help tocomunicate eachother , friends , family and so on . It ; s fantastic idea . because human is not one . Always he help other person . He wants to help family or friends . It 's possible for you to keep comunication , make a friend . This is so nice . So I think I agree it .
(CHI,low) I agree with that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
(JPN,medium) I support the idea that most advertisements give wrong information to make products look better by three ways . Firstly , companies use many pictures which is not about the products . Customers notice the advertisements by the picture which is not about the products . It means that customers give first impression by something which is not the products , and then they misunderstand that this first impression is about the products . Thus , advertisements give wrong information for customers . Secondly , companies use many techniques to stand the products out . For example , a silver watch stands out in black backglound , and it makes the product very cool . However , when the watch is used , most of background color is skin color . In this color background , a silver watch stands out less than in the black background . This kind of techniques is often used for advertisements . Thirdly , companies use words which makes the products very good . They often use the words , such as new , cheep , and good , but these words do not describe the important characteristics of products . For instance , a cheeper computer always has less performance , such as amount of herd disk . However , companies try to hide this fact by using the word cheep because the word cheep attracts customers . In other words , they try to give wrong information for customers . To conclude , most advertisements tend how to sell more instead of how to inform the good aspects of the products . The main purpose of companies is making more money , so the customers have to understand that most information from advertisements include lies and be clever .
(ARA,high) Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . This is extremely true in our modern day because the competition in the market is so high that businesses are willing to do anything to sell their products . I agree with this statement because I personally have bought many things based on their advertisements but was shocked later on by what I bought . This is a successful way to make the consumer loose trust in the producing company because when cheat and deceit come into the issue there is no way a person can depend on the seller . The market is full of other options so the buyer is not limited to this specific place especially after being treated unrespectfully . I , personally , have an issue with trust and when I put my trust into something I expect to get what I ask for with honesty and purity . As soon as I realize that I have been tricked then that is the last time I buy anything from that place . I do not think that I am the only one that thinks this way because if someone is willing to put their money into something than this thing better be worth it . Whenever money is involved the topic becomes more sensitive because money is something that people work hard to try to earn and they will never just blow it away on something useless , unless they have a lot of it , then thats a different story . On the other side , though , the purpose of advertising anything is to make it more appealing to the people and by giving it a little `` push '' of superiority makes it attract more people . So you ca n't really take it against them because that is their goal . Although there is a difference between tricking someone into something and convincing them that this is the best product . If a person is deceived into buying something than he is n't very happy especially if this thing was not really worth its price . But if a person has satisfaction from what he bought because he was convinced and appealed by it then he will not realize any defaults in the product because of his over joy with it . This issue can be argued in two different perspectives and I do n't nessecarily think that any of these two points are wrong because they are both legitimate . My stand on this issue is that I do n't mind being convinced into something but I would never tolerate being tricked into it . Faking something and misleading someone is the worst thing to me and I seriously would NEVER put up with it .
(CHI,medium) I disagree with this statement for two reasons . At first , it would be quite difficult for students to understand ideas or concepts , if they do not learn facts of them , or even let the students a misunderstand , to learn facts is not necessary . When a history teacher in high school teach students about a compared between industry socialty and agriculture socialty . Both of the defnitions are easy to remmeber , but how to understand the difference ? Acturlly students have kown the facts of industry by their living , even before the teacher explains the facts . They know that industry has producted our model lifes , from telephone to internet , from cars to jets . To try to understand , what does mean agricalture ? Just let us live without all the facts of industry . However , to understand ideas and concepts is not the full task for students , and not even the goals to study from the beginning . As adults , we know it now , the right way to handle the knowledge is to use it . Teachers should let the students know , good memorry about ideas and concepts is just helpful in some exams , but not in working and living . In china we have many negative examples , because schools were only concerntreting on teaching about exams in last 20 years . A famous emploryer complained that he did not dare to hire the people who achieved doctor degree in china . Because they knew the concepts very well , but failed to use them in practical , and they did not know a good communication is the key in a team to use the concepts in facts . As I went to Germany and began my college study in Stuttgart . I knew in first time , most of things I had learned till my high school have only one goal , that is to use them in fact . I began a lot of courses to learn facts there , from communication to techique . That is the key .
(ARA,high) Overall I would disagree with this statement , I believe that travelling on an independent basis is more rewarding even if it is more challenging . I usually like to do my homework beforehand about places I want to visit and plan it myself to a certain extent . I am very much interested in the history of places I am visiting as well as the local culture of the inhabitants , therefore I prefer a travel formula that maximises my interacion with these local residents . This planning and interaction with people will enrich the trip many folds versus going with a group led by a tour guide where the information one would receive is prepared and digested and then presented to the traveller . I have travelled to southern Spain many years ago , I had planned my trip to a certain extent only and I discovered many locations that were not pointed in tourist pamphlets , just by walking down the streets and talking to people . This is what I call the surprise effect of trips , see the unexpected by going places not necessarily frequented heavily by tourists , this allows me to interact in a more personal way with local residents of areas I am visiting and have a better feel of the life of these people . Travelling indepently gives me more control over my time , I can manage it the way that works better for me , I can stay longer in a place if I deem necessary , or I can just pack up and leave to `` greener pastures '' if I get bored in a particular location . Also there is the financial aspect of it , I find it more cost effective to travel on your own than with a tour guide . I can choose to settle in less expensive hotels and have my own agenda as far as meals are concerned during my trip . Of course going on a loner basis may pose some challenges and maybe some risks in certain situations but overall it is a much more interesting and rewarding approach .
(TEL,high) Today , the number of cars boght every year is staggering and the number keeps increasingyear on year . However , I believe that the number of cars has peaked and will definitely reduce in the near future . One of the major reasons for decline in the cars would be the affordibility . With ever rising oil prices and declinng reserves , it would be hard for many to own and run a car . Although alternative fuels like Solar and Alchohol cars have been suggested they are still far from feasible . These technologies would take atelast two decades in implementing and cannot offer any immediate solution . Also there is lot of concern for pollution and traffic caused by the large number of cars on our streets . Green activists are calling for special taxes on cars for polluting the environment . This forced goverments to enforce taxes on the car manufacturing companies . This would certainly reduce the interest of new car manufacturers . Public transport facilities like buses and metros will gain wide acceptance not only because thay are much cheaper . But also because of the advancements in the technology , Government and other organizations are able to provide commuters with comforts which are on par with the ones that cars provide . Twenty years later there would be further improvement in the commuting technologies which would lead to reduced car users . Lastly , there are technologies like SEGWAY and personal flying planes that are in prototype stage of testing . These inventions could replace the cars in the near future . In sum I believe that cars would be replaced by other forms of transport both for economical and environmetal issues .
(SPA,medium) Humans have been always against risky situations , but those who have abandoned their fears have , at least , succeed . So , I think that the spirit of fighting against yourself is one of the most important qualities you could have . First of all , if you do n't progress , you will be always at the same level , you wo n't reach for higher positions . Unless , you are happy with this situation , this wo n't be a problem , but in my case this would be a disaster , because I always think the way of getting better until the perfection and I think that is the feeling that moves the world . You only have to remember every morning that if it has n't been for Cristobal Columbus , that decided to take a new route to the West Indians , probably now we would be not learning English . Second , if you get used to doing some process or task that everybody is able to do , then you became one of them . But in the moment that appears somebody who could do it better than you , then you get replaced . You are dismissed . For example , if you work in a company that has just stablished in China , and you are the first who learn Chinese , then the next that come behind you , wo n't be able to pass through you . And at last living the same kind of lifestyle could be very boring , in the sense that you sink into the routine and it becames very difficult for you to go on since you do n't have incentives . To sum it up , riskless way of living is not permitted for me , because you have to be self confident of your possibilities and try to use them in the most efficient way in order to prevent yourself of the attack of the others and then you will reach your own limits .
(TEL,medium) The thesis of the given topic is sucessful people are intrested to try new things instead of doing they already know . Although some people disagree with the given topic I agree with the topic : sucessful people try new things and takes risksrather than doing old because of several reasons . All the reasons are explained below . The first reason to support my point of view is : Since they taste the sucess they can try for new things . Without inventing new things there is no world . Since this people know how to do thing , it is better to try for new one . let us consider an example of early human being . At the first he knows only how to produce fire by using stones , this is a great sucess in early mans life . And then he takes risk and inventes the whell , clothing Etc . From this we can say sucessful people try new things and takes risk rather than doing old one . So according to this example we can say sucessful try for new things and take risks . Another reason to support my point of view : if a sucessful persons thinks this sucees is enough means there is no development in the world . So inorder to develop the world they try for new thing . Another example to support my point of view is-if THOMAS . A , . adesen satisfies with the invention of electric bulb means we may miss his other so many invention like `` theory of electro magnetic '' . Since he knows the basics things he intrested to try for new things and taking risks instead of doing the same old thing . Finall reason to support my point view is its is good for sucessful persons to try for new things . Because of these things they may get good name and fame in the society because of inventing new things . More over they get huge amounts of money by selling new thins to the people in the siciety . So they try for new thins and takes risks insead of olsd thing . So in conclusion these reasons are enough to support my point of view . so agree with the given topic .
(TEL,low) yes ofcource i agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well because my best friend named vamshi he used to ride the cycle by sitting at any place on the cycle with out any problem and the people around him used to appeciate his talent and he is only one who used the cycle in differend way in that surrounding area and he made some stunts in some telivision programms then after he also wants to be successful in the bike riding and he had practice with the bike with lot of risk , later on he got the tremondus name in the bike riding also . And finally he also wanted to be successful in the car riding also finally he achieved the success of new thing and took risk rather than only doing what he already know . he showed what his talent is and what he can do , and he proved that man can do any thing for the success whether it is risk or dangerous he will not not care any thing for success , so finally i agree with the following statement
(GER,high) The issue at hand is whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic fields or to specialize in one subject . This question is not easy to answer , because I am convinced that this question is not able to be answered generally . I believe that there are several points which do not support that knowledge of many subjects is the better option and there are several ones which do . A disadvantage of having broad knowledge is that this sometimes means , that you are less familiar with each subject . Sometimes in working life it is really important to have a subject you are really good at and not several ones you are less good at . If a company is searching for a new translater for English , it does not help that an applicant is also able to speak French and Italian , if the result is that the English skills are only good instead of very good . But I am also quite sure that specializing on only one subject could be disadvantagable , because it is always important to be interested in and to have skills except your specific subject . Some jobs require skills in many different fields . Teachers are a good example . For being a good English teacher it is not enough to speak English very well . A teacher should also have knowledge about didactics , psychology and pedagogics , because he must be able to teach , to communicate and to handle students in a appropriate way . Additionally , there are some skills , called soft skills , everbodz should have and which is more important that acedamic knowledge . Being able to work in a team is a good example . It does not help you to know everything about a knowledge , if you are not able to work in a project group . In conclusion , I am quite certain that a mix of both , specializing in a subject and also having a broad knowledge is the best option .
(ARA,medium) Crowed is very noisy and let some people angry and do something bad . For example crowed of car now adays . Some people say that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . actually , I disagree with this because I think it is impossible to happen for many reasons first of all people in the world are increasing . Second , cars is the fastest way to go from one place to onother . Also the shape and the new styles of cars push people to buy new and new cars . actually , there are a lot of counties have very hot weather so they use cars because they have air condition also the countries that have cold weather they prefer to use cars because it prevent them from raining or from the snow . In fact even for the handicapped people , for example who have only one leg they can drive car but they cannot ride a bycicle or even blind people they can use a driver to drive a car . Also now adays the design os the cars make you feel comfortable not only car bring where you want . Finaly , There are a lot of reasons that makes people buy more and more cars and I dont think the cars will be fewer even with this crowed today .
(TEL,medium) Underastanding idieas are far more important than knowing the fact . understanding is the best way to learn said by my teacher . humans developed years together by understanding rather than knowing the fact from the early stone age we are understanding the concepts rather than knowing , for example we came to know about fire , by rubing two stones together thus unerstanding the process of fricton by using stones . we cant simply rely on subject by knowing but for undrstanding it . for example every one knows about law of conservatiopn of energy , a person who understands applied in form of electricity or mechaniocal engine . student who got good marks in examination cant become a good enginer or doctor or infact good at his or her career but a person who can apply it to his career can be good . thus application is important for a student which comes with understanding the subject . practical understanding of subject is best preferred than simply knowing it , this the reason why the nowadays the education orl study is based on fieled work rather on simply class room teaching . each and every course of today wether you take a science or art or technology projects and the field works are introduced . concept of understanding not gives us the success in profession but also helps get beter in our subjects which we dont for get for our life long . this doesnt happen in simply knowing . a stident should not apply this to the study but also to the vaerious aspects ofdaily life . this can better not only a persons life but also his relations with other people thus ultimately his life standerds are also increased . this aspect cannot bew leaerned oput side should be made to lesrned in schooling stage itself . finally understandig makes perfect not only good academecally but also in li . fe
(ARA,low) In our world theri are many chances to let the young poeplepartcepeat in our community but there are many caces that let this young people go for another things for partcepet without any effort . In my opion that theri are many young people do n't give any thing in theri coummunity . For sveravl reasn . First , some of these young people have too much work in there study enen that dont have time for there selve . they spend all the day between threi book in theri office , in the liblary or inthe internet do some research . this is one type of the young people . another type the preson that set in the house dos n't do anything just eating and sleed that do n't have any job . This kind of person should be treated by someone becouse he had a prpblem that do't have any goal in his life . So he ca n't help or any one in this life . Moreover , thereare some young people really want to work in do some thing for threi coumminty and if you going to give them something they really want to do it but they do n't have skills that led them for this . Enen if theri try they will do but they ca n't complet the work that they try to do it . So these kind of people we must hold theri hand and try as much as posspile to let them be benefit for our community . These that can be leading our and rise threi community up . In the end , there are many kind oo young people in our world . Inorder to we should see the best and the better that can give us somthing that will benefit for all human in the earth .
(GER,high) In my opinion I do not think that young people enjoy life more than older people . Just because people are getting older does not specifically mean that they can not enjoy their life anymore . One reason why I think that young people do not enjoy their life more than older people is that old people have worked a longer period of time . Therefore they earned more money and could save also more money . This means with the proportion of more money they earned in the past years they are able to buy more things . Money is very important in our society and without it you are not able to enjoy life and all the aspects of it . with more money ones has the possibility to do more , therefore to enjoy more . For example they can travel to countries they have never seen before or they go more often in restaurants to enjoy nice delicious food or some people are more materialistic and they enjoy to drive an expansive car . Another reason that I do not believe that younger people enjoy life more is because I think it is that the quality of enjoyment changed . Young people may get very excited about a rock concert , while older people do not like this way of entertainment anymore , because its loud and crowded . But on the other hand this older people may enjoy their time in a beautiful botanic garden or they could look at a sunset for hours . Which on the other hand is not very interesting for young people . A third reason why I think that old people can enjoy their life as good as young once or maybe even better , but definetly not less , is that when people become older they have already set up a family and the structure is well developed and the children are often already adults and thererfor they do not need a lot of care and attention , because they are able to live on their own feets . The older people can enjoy their life without worrying about the childrens health status or school performance . While young people may just start to build their own families and they have their fiirst children and all the accompanied stress with this situation . Therfore they do not have quality time which they could spend on enjoyable things , because they are busy with other things . In general I really do not think that young people enjoy their lifes more . I do not believe , because I am getting older too and I always enjoyed my life . There were different phases I did enjoy it maybe a little bit more then on other times , but this was independent of my own age . I think the main part is that the point of view changed and therefore also the personal interest . Activities or even materialistic things things which seemed to me enjoyable when I was young , does not seem anymore that interesting to me . This has been exchanged by other things which are now more enjoyable then they have been in the past .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the statement that the number of cars in use will be reduced twenty years from now . Automobiles definetely has brought a drastic change in the way people use to travel before . The cars especialy have added a lot of comfort and pleasure to the people 's lives . With cars available at a cost , affordable to most of the people the number has increased drastically & will even increase in future as well . This increase in the number of cars tend to create traffic jams , which is the most common site especially in an over populated country like india . So when the roads are blocked due to innumerable number of vehicles , it is obvious that it takes long time to reach your destination & if this becomes the daily routine it vexes the people , so they ultimately look for alternate modes of transport , like the trains or other means of public transport . The trains & the other transport systems definetely reach earlier & also spare the driver from the stress he encouters while driving on his own on the busy streets . These factors definetely encourage him to use trains more often & use his car less . With increase in travelling time , people also tend to stay in houses closer to work place , so that they can walk over the distance rather than to fight the traffic with the cars . With increasing awareness regarding the hazards of air pollution & the effect it has on health of humans , the people twenty years from now i think will be much more sensible and use less number of cars to keep the earth 's environment cleaner & safer for future generations to come .
(ARA,medium) It is normally for people to grow , and while growing , we 'll have a little bit of everything , happiness , enjoyment , sadness and depression . Ofcourse , every single stage has its own nice moments . But this concept changes from time to time . For me , I think that young people enjoy alot more than what older people might do . For many reasons , the hardness of life will auscalate while being old because there will be many factors interfer with aging process . One thing is that , the duties for young people will be much lesser than those of older ones . All what young people has to do is going to the universtity , which is considered a source of pleasure , and all what he has to do is passing it . Here , he can do alot of things to make him happy . He can meet different people every single day , he can have his own group to spend nice times with , he can go to different places while being with that group , and he can enjoy being in an intimate relation by having a girlfriend with whome he can spend great times with less commitment . While , on the other hand , if we think about the older man who is supporrting that young man , we 'll find alot of things to consider . He has to save money for his son 's university , he has to manage the situation of the whole home inwhich there will be other brothers and sisters , and he has to keep managing for the wholy marriage life he is having . Also , in older people , they will start thinking about some issues arised later in life like retirment and loosing significant others . Finally , every single stage of life can have it is own sources of happiness and sadness . But being young will mean less duties with much fun .
(SPA,high) I agree wit the presented statement . The express purpose of advertisement is to induce a change in consumer behavior towards favoring the product presented . Most advertisement arises from the need to create Product Differentiation - a process by which products that are in essence the same ( for example , two hamburgers , both are made of bread , meat , cheese , etc ... ) are presented to consumers as different ( Wendy 's , McDonald 's , Burger King , etc ... ) . Product Differentiation is necessary in markets rueld by monopolistic competiton : several but not infinate suppliers , demand is not the only determinant of price . In order to charge a higher price , a given supplier has to modify his product in the eyes of a customer : in comes advertisement . Soda manufacturers have developed many brands ( Coke vs. Pepsi ) , small modifications on existing brands ( Coke with Cherry , etc ... ) and have to keep advertising to create the impression on customers that a branded product is different from , say , Walgreens-brand cola , and pharmaceutical companies have to convince customers that Advil is superior to generic ibuprophen . By its very essence , product differentiation has to make a product appear better than the competition , desite the fact that they are the same . Beyond product differentiatiob , advertisement is used to introduce new products . New products have to overcome consumer 's initial guarding against the unknown using techniques such as celebritiy sponsors , or displaying other costumers satisfied with the product ( or wearing the product with a smile ) . The implied message is , you will be like a celebrity or you will have the same smile or be as satisified as the portrayed individual . This in essence makes the product seem better than it really is : there is no way a given product by itself can guarantee my satisfaction , as I have to provide a response , determined by my own notion of satisfaction . Part of the purpose of advertisment is to modify this notion . Advertisement is also prone to `` reporter bias '' , that is , only good or positive results and characteristics are advertised and negative or unfavorable results are of course hidden . If the battery life is poor , no mention is made of battery life . For well known health hazards , warnings have been introduced to the advertisement , which is an admission of the fact that the product is being portrayed as beneficial ( Marlboro can attract women , according to commercials , but of course can lead to cancer ) . Now , a product can be advertised in a way that is more honest an up-front with the cusatomer . Usually , this only happens when this is required by law ( for example , drugs ) . However , the very nature of advertisement leads to down-playing the importance of these apparent flaws . In all drugs commercials , mention of side effects comes well at the end of the commercial , are of course spoken over a powerful image of a satisfiedsenior playing with his grandchildren , and spoken quickly and in a soft tone of voice . The underlying message : yes , drowsiness , but who cares when you can play with your grandkids ?
(TEL,high) Every person enjoys life in his or her own way . Though , I personally believe that youngsters enjoy life more than older people do . Firstly , the reason why i think so is that as we grow older the responsibilities we have only get more and more . For example , when I was a kid studying nursery I didnt have any resposibility at all or for that matter very less . When I was in high school I had to study well to get admission into a good college . Then in High school I had to get decent grades and also had to help my parents in their work . Though it was not a burden for me , it surely was a responsibility which i had to do as their daughter . As a person grows their responsibilities also grow , not just as an individual but also as a person in the family and in the soceity . Also most of the youngsters tend to take life in a lighter way than the older people . So we enjoy that phase of our lifethe most . The older people have already undergone things in life , that make them plan for their future in a certain way or save money for their family . But the young people tend to spend their money on luxurious things or on more enjoyable things . For instance , When I was in college I used to spend most of my money on shopping and stuff . That was enjoyment for me then . But now I realise the importance of saving money for the future and I shop only when I have the need for it . Another important point I 'd like to mention is that enjoyement lies in the way we perceive it . Most of the young people do not have anything major to worry about . They enjoy the life they are living , doing things at their own pace . All they have to bother about is their studies . This is not the case with the older people . Their lives are more or less very stressful , be it due to family problems or tensions in the work place . In conclusion , I would say that a person enjoys his life the most when he is young .
(FRE,low) What is a good travel ? This quetion will probably find differents answers . For that reason we should choose to travel individualy . Several reasons explaine this reason . First , we do not have the same hobbies and the same motives when we travel . Some people prefer explore the cluture of the place while other want just to have fun and relax . For example I went t Seattle last summer with my friend Frank . I decide to visit six differents meseum in this city . I visited the meseum of science and aviation for example . In contrast Frank decide just to visit night clubs and make some new friends in this city . Second , we appraciate differently the place we visited even though we want to visit the different exibitions . Some people want to spend more time in some acitities than others . Asian people for example prefer to take more pictures when they visiting a monument . In conclusion , it is better to travel alone in order to have a good trip . We have differents interest for the travel and we do not spend the same among of time on each activity . But what
(CHI,low) When it comes to a discussion about young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , in my point of view , I surelly agree with this discussion . Young people nowadays enjoy in playing softgames or surffing on the internet , and so on . They just live in the word which is just belongs to themselves . They do not care about the people who around with , do not consentrate in events what happened in thier lives . So , it is no reason to expect they will careing of their communities and helping their communities . From a investigation about the number of doing voluntire for communities in this several years . We know that yong people is decreasing . From what have been discussed above , we can safely make a conclusion that young people do not give enough time for
(ITA,low) I surely agree with the opinion that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are and I think it 's a problem that involves a lot of people , yongs in particular , and several fields . In my opinion a very great number of these advertisements are given by television instead of being given by papers or other media . This fact could be expleined thinking that the papers are read by adults , that have a bigger knowledge and can avoid the cheat . Instead the television is used by a number of young persons ; the advertisements are made to be read or heard by them . Indeed it ' s easy for youngs to believe in a wounderful advertisement that promises to give them what they desire . Advertisements that gives am image of a product better than the real one involve different fields : the fitness , the food , the sport , the way of dressing and so on . To conclude I think it 's a very serious problem that could be solved by autoriti
(JPN,high) I agree to the statement `` Most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are '' . In an advertisement such as commercials on TV 's and ad 's in magazines , it seem like it is a very attrative product and trying to get people 's attention by their first look . The company will use backgroung and surroundings , unreal features and famous people to apeal their products . When I was a little , I used to see commercials advertisement of barbie dolls all the time . The commericials showed how You could do so many thing with the dolls and how much fun you can have with them . There were music on the background and a perfect set that the girls played in . I was absolutley attracted by the commerical and always asked for a new barbie doll . But when I baught them , it might not move the way it moved in the TV and some of the features showed in the commercial did not come with the product . Another way they are making the product look better , is by using special features . For example , I once saw as TV show that showed how they created commercials for food products . Usually they will not show the real food . There are proffesionals who make food from clays and plastics to show more texture and better in looks . They will use sprays to show coldness of drinks and steams to show how hot they are . They can also create their commercial using computer graphics so that it can look better . The usage of celebrities has an influence on the viewer also . Even if the product is not as good as it looks , when it is held or presented by a famous celebrity , you might think that the product is attractive be convined in buying the product . In an commercial or an advertisement , they will use the background , special features that is unreal , and celebrities to make the product to be apealing . From these reasons I belive that most of the advertisement are making the pruducts look more attractive than it really is .
(ARA,medium) successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know to do well . This is true , but with some limitations . becuase sometimes successful people are those who dont try new thigs and only do what they already know how to do . Those poeple are usaually called old school people . On the other hand , to be successful you need to be a risk taker . as well as being able to change and adapt to all changes that occur arround , in technology , medicine , life style and science . for example poeple who dont beleive in changing or trying new things , they will eventually fail to keep on the track of development and growth , which in turn will force them to quit or stay behind and accept the failure and loss . For example : when computer was intoduced to every aspect of life , and then the internet . if someone doesnt take the risk to change , or try the new technlology , in the following years will notice the bad effect on his biusness or life style . Also , the other aspect is taking risks . especially in making major desicions that can change life forever . for example , when poeple from developnig countries take the desicion to migrate to the developed countries for better chances in studying , working and better life style for families which is more safe and has stability in good living conditions . another example , which is real that me and my husband used to live in small town in north crolina . we had very limited income , and very little number of poeple from our community , so we decided to take the risk and move up north to take our chance in dearborn michigan . now my husband has better income . we socialize more with poeple from our community . which built our network here . this helped us to find better jobs and gives us better commuinty support . if we were not risk takers we would stay in the south with less cahnces for better life style for us and our children .
(ARA,medium) In my point of view , young teenagers and even young adults do not offer the potential they have in service of their communities . A lot more could be done by these youngster to improve the living enviornment that they occupy . For example volunteering at nursery homes and participating in groups concerned with the protection of the enviornemtn from pollution and other harmful factors is some of that could be for the community . Even the smplest of cotributions could make the biggest of differences . I f each individual takes responsibleity for their part of the job , an amazing difference will immediately arouse . The change does n't have to be made regarding a really important aspect in the community as someone shoould always take care of the simplest things first and then move up the ladder . However , as nobody participates even in the simplest of activities , the changes that need to be done will only accumulate over time resulting in harm for the community . To engage one 's self in a variety of useful activities will benefit the community in two ways , both directly and indirectly . Directly is to contribute the efforts in service needed at the community . Moreover , to be personally active most of the time , an individual learns to be productinve and useful with the time that they have . In return these activities actually teach these youngsters time mamgement and productivity . This in istelf greatly benfits the community as these youngsters will be the future adults with great skills that could be helpful and useful to their community . These activities teach important working skills that the community is need of in an indirect manner . In conclusion , once again I believe that young people these days do n't give enough time helping their cmmunities . However , if this is done great resuls will emerge .
(SPA,low) Successful people try new things and take risks everey time in a while in order to increase their knowledge and to be distinguish from other people ... Why ? Firstly , because if we have the same capacity to lear why dont increase our knowledge taking risk and trying new things . For example , said that Carlos work in a food service but he is bored of doing the same thing , and he decide to start his own bussines of food service with some friends . They are are taking the risk of fail and lose all their money on that risk but thats how their are going to learn , we have to remmember that the best way to learn is from our mistakes , and they would become diferent from other people because in the future they will become a person of sucess . Secondly , because in the risk we made , we can success . Who knows , maybe we can find the job we were loking for making us in the propiety of o
(JPN,medium) This question ask about `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . '' I agree with this question because the understand ideas and concepts is more important than to know the fact . Idea and concepts have a lot of information . and it can learn and concrude the information to see the fact is more interesting than just find out the result . Understand idea and concepts are like a untouched diamond . untactched diamond rock is a lot of material in and not so beautiful , but people separate the material they do n't need to make pure diamond . this is the metafore that I use to discribe the `` understand ideas and concepts. '' understand the idea and concepts are very interesting than just to learn facts . Why it become fun because I do myself to find a good result or facts it is very interesting for me to learn the way to finish . I can learn the process of solving the question . that is the good part of learning and understanding idea using the information . If you do this process you would understand how much fun to get a result with joy . Learn facts are not a good idea . It like you face the question but you would get the answer right away . It is not fun just you get the answer and not the process . That is why learn the basic process to understand the way to answer is great . The process of get the result is good for student because if they learn the enjoyment of learning they would think hard and more concentrate . Learn fact is not a good thing because I can only learn the sarface of the fact . If I understand ideas and concepts I could find a great information that hide in the sarface . In my conclusion is I agree the idea of the question . The first point is It would be fun to do the process in middle to get the fact . The second point is the student would learn about abustruct or hidden idea under the surface .
(SPA,medium) Not all the times the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . It depends of the country , the age and the manners of the person . When you are going to travel to a country that speak the same language , it is not as necesary to have a guide as if you do not speak the same language . It is like if you speak spanih and you are gonig to travel to Germany you need someone to help you to understand , but if you travel to Spain is not too difficult because despite that you do not know that country you can talk with them without problem . Other thing is that old people do not like to travel with a guide , and young people yes . This is because for example a couple of old people are going to Europe , if they go with a group led by a guide , maybe they can not mantain the rythm all the time like waiking up early , walking a lot , or eating in any restaurant . I mean , they are going to want to do the things in the time that they want , and not be directed by anyone . Every change if go a couple of young people , beacuse they are going to want to make all the day activities , and to visit evey part of Europe . The manners of be of everyone also depends a lot , because if you are someone that do not like to receive orders , or follow instructions , you are not going to accept be led by a tour guide . Also if you are not friendly , maybe you can have problems with the other people . With this we can see that it depends of the persons and as everything it has good and bad things to go with a tour guide .
(JPN,medium) Some students prefer to study only exact answers for exam ; however , some people take their time to understand the idea and concepts of topis . I prefer to understand the idea before than learn only facts . When we were children , we used to take a lot of quizes and tests at school . I remember that I used to memorize all of the answers for test for following day ; however as soon as I test finished , I forgot almost the answers . What a tragity !!! This is the main idea of support my side opposes to only memorizing facts . When people try to memorize things not knowing the idea of topics , facts do n't stay their brains longer . Although if we study procedures of ideas and concepts , it makes a big difference . Here is another example . Either medical department or science department , students have a various type of experiments . They have oppotunities to learn how and why answers in the text book are made moreover they actually experience themselves using their actual bodies to prove answers . Those experiments definitely support them to memorize so that they do n't forget answers easily . As I stated above , only knowing facts are sometims help students to pass the exam ; however , if they concern about career , they realize that it is not working . At a work environment , especially specialized field such as engnerring , workers are expected to show their knowledges and ablities straight away from school . It they only concentrated on their studying in memorizing facts , do you think they can be stated as good workers ? The answer is No . As a result , students should understand ideas and concepts before learn facts because they help them to understand topics in depth level and also there is a benefit when they think about their career .
(ARA,medium) I think that number of cars will decrease in the next twenty years for two reasons , economical and enviromental reason . The economical reason is that cars are becoming more expensive and they need more gas which is actually becoming expensive too . People are expecting upcoming shortage in their money because nowadays everything is expensive and it does n't seem that there is a solution for that problem in the next two decades . And car copanies like Ford ans Mitsubishi did n't sell the amount they expected to in the last couple of years . So people are getting used to other types of vehicles to move around such as buses , trains , taxis subways and motorcycles or bicycles . It could be because they are more convineint to them and it 's easeir to get to the place they want to go to and avoid the traffic and the rush hours . And that 's exacly what 's happening in Dubai , where a person can stuck in traffic during the rush hour for three hours ! That 's why Dubai 's government started to build a high speed train that roll around the big city and it 's expected to be done by the fall of the year 2007 . Another reason is that people are getting more interested in nature again and the botanical life , so a lot of clubs and TV shows like `` The Green Light '' are found now to encourage people to get rid of their cars and use different vehicles that wo n't make such pollution as the cars do or may be use public buses eventhogh they are polluting the atmosphere also , but they are moving anyway even if nobody uses them ! So why making more pollution by using cars while we can use those buses ? ! people now are convinced of this idea and they are using public transportation more . So that 's why I think that number of cars will decrease by the next twenty years because cars are really expensive so people ca n't affored to buy them and they do so much damage to the nature by polluting it .
(CHI,medium) In modren society , travelling bacomes a atracktive entertainment for people . People like travelling around for relaxing . Some people hold the opinion that the best way to travel is travelling around by themselves . Personaly , i prefer to travel in a group led by a guide . My reasons are listed as fellowed . First of all , trevelling in a group can offer a oppertunity of making new friends . Suppose when i am travelling in a group , i have the chance to meet a whole group of people . By communicating with others , i believe i can have a group of friends soon . Take myself as an example , in the last trip to Japan when i was still studying in high school , I met several persons who were also studying in my school and we never met each other . We became froends soon and keep in touch with each other even until now . If i went travelling by myself that time , i would miss several good friends . In addition , travelling in a group led by a tour guild help me save much more time than travelling alone . When i get to a new city , the first and the most improtant thing for me is to go to the most popular place in the city . If i am travelling alone , i am sure it is difficult for me to even just figure out where is the place located . Furthmore , travelling with a group of people can recive many helps in case i am in trouble . For emample , my trip to Europe about four years ago . In that trip i insist going out alone , the result is i got lost . The problem is i did not speak English that time . Few hours after i supposed be back , all of the people in my group went out to look for me and got me back at last . Each coin has tow sides , travelling alone may also have some adventages such as : saving money , having the freedom to go everywhere i want . However , travelling in a group can not only make friends by giving or reciving helps but also save time . Compare to the advantage i mentioned above , i agree with the statement .
(TEL,medium) I will agree with the following statement that , it is improtant that for the student to understand ideas and concepts than iit is for them learning the facts . For students who learn the facts , it will be the temporary in their minds . when students understand ideas and concepts it will be inthe mind permanatly . Firstly students in the school will follow the process of understanding the ideas and concepts of a particular topic . For example students learning the subjects like Physics , mathematics , their is a need to understand the ideas and concepts related to the problem or topic . by knowing the concepts and ideas he can these ideas any where in that feild . second reason is that if they practice the same procedure i.e understanding the ideas and concepts related to the topic he may create a histroy in that field . For example consider a scientist , he can able to solve the problem by understanding the ideas and concepts which are related to that topic . By learning the facts the students cannot know the subject theoritically . I will conclde this topic , by learning the facts students will not gain any thing in the future . But by understanding the ideas and concepts students will more information about that topic whoch bthey are studing .
(JPN,medium) I agree with this opinion that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years . I have some reasons for support my idea . Nowadays , many environmental problems occur in the world : global warming , air polution , and acid rain . these problems cause the exhaust of cars . So , if twenty years pass , many people become careful about these problems . Also , they think the exhaust of cars are serious problems . Therefore , I think that the number of people who avoid using car easily comes to increasing because they come to regard the problems caused by the exhaust of cars as serious problems . Also , there are possible situation that the tax of cars will be increasing . So , many people come to be worried about and have trouble about the economic problems . However , these days , the government tend to raise the tax in order to make the pention systam batter , in fact . Consedering these modern movement about tax , the tax of car is increasing more in twenty years . As a result , people who avoid buying and using cars increasing . At the same time , people come to use the public transportation . So , the nessesity of cars is decreasing . Moreover , if twenty years pass , the society become more convenient than today . So , new environmentlly friendly and convenient transportation may be invented . People come not to use the car . Also , in the future , people will come to travel farther than today . So , people cannot move with using cars . Consequently , the necessity of using cars is decreasing . For these reasons , I think in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . The reason is that people will come to regard environmental problems as serious ones . Also , people will not pay the tax of cars in the future because of higher tax of cars . Moreover , in the future , the necessity of using cars is decreasing because of invention of new transportaion . Thus , I agree with the statememt that the number of cars will decrease in twenty years .
(FRE,high) How to be successful ? Is it rather by only repeating thing that you already know how to do well or rather by trying new things ? On the one hand , I think that to succeed in anything , everyone has to practise . For instance , a tennis player , before winning competitions , has to practise for hours and even days . When you repeat something , it becomes easier to complete and you will even be able to do it faster and more accurately . The first time you try something , you will most likely fail . Then , with the habit of doing it , you will improve yourself . Consequently , successful people may be successful because they have practised enough and now know how to do well . But on the other hand , with only repeating the same acts , maybe you will stop thinking . You will begin to act mechanically , therefore you wo n't have the will to improve yourself . So I am strongly convinced that trying new thing is also very important : you have to learn not to be afraid of what you have never met before . For instance , I have studied mathematics and I was told by my teachers to practise with long and complex problems , that I had never seen before , rather than with small and repetitive exercises , with a view to learning how to deal with new questions . Moreover , if at some moments of your life you do n't take risks , if you do n't put yourself in danger , if you always want to be secure , you may lose many opportunities : for instance , if you want to get a better job for which you are not quite prepared , you must be courageous and not be afraid to apply for it , to tru everything to get it . To conclude , the solution of this concern is far from easy . What would be the best behavior ? To my mind , both are relevant , but at different moments . You should n't hesitate to try new things , even if you feel unprepared , but to succeed in new things you must always keep in mind everything that you already know : what you know how to do well can prove very useful to do new things .
(TEL,high) I completely agree with the statement `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' . Advertising is all about projecting the brand image of the product . The idea of adversting is to improve the sales of the product . This necessarily means attracting customers to their product . The means to attract lies in the image they project . So , it comes as no surprise if the advertisers make their product look the best . When projecting the image of the project , anyone would tend to speak about the positive points . How could they expect their product to be sold if they project the negative shade of the project ?? But the problem lies in the fact that the advertisers tend to go overboard with the qualities of their products . Their steps in making the product desirable to the audience are appreciated , but not at the cost of the trust or belief people have in it . The main aim is to gain advantage over the competitors product . So , they try to grasp the negative aspects associated with the competitor 's product and project an image of their product . This image necessarily speaks about what qualities are there in the products that their competitors do n't provide . The Head & Shoulders advertisement comes as a reference in this regard . It might not be as successful in removing dandruff as it projects itself to be . Some advertisements even tend to put the health of individuals in jeopardy . One classic example I can give in this regard is the Soft Drinks . The recent Coke controversy serves as a classic example to this fact . Recently , there was some evidence that coke has some unreasonable amount of pesticides in it . When coke is projected as a healthy and safe drink , evidences to this degree act as a blot on the reputation . But I wonder if the products would sell off if TRUE information is advertised . Imagine the sales of H & S if it says `` Try out for yourself '' rather than projecting their good image . Or if Coke people say '' Be careful . This drink might be harmful to health '' . But one thing i can be sure . This advertising world is for people to sel their brands and they would do it at the best way possible .
(CHI,low) I agree with that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . Students should understand the ideas and concepts , so they can know the answer . And if the students dind n't do that , they will have no choice to do taht again . Students understand ideas and concepts can develop their knowledge . During they thinking for the reason , they can know how to answer it . For example , the teacher let the students to do their homework , only write the reasn . So a lots will copy theirclassmates ' homework . That is unuseful . But if theteacher to tell the students to write down how they answer those questions , so the students must do that by themselves , that will give the students a lot of hep . Students can know that how to answer the questions . For example , when the students understand the ideas and concepts , that means they also can know the way to answer those question . That can give them a lot of help for their future . The students always know the things from understand something , that can make them to know that thing clearly . For example , it likes that people can learn things from doing that . That can make them to know that more easier and clearly . Let the students to understand the ideas and concepts are also can make them to know a lot of things about the life . For example , to understand the ideas can make them know that it is life . In their life , they must still find the way to answer all the qwuestion . They must use the different ways to answer the different questions . No body can help them expect themselves . The students ca n't learn facts expect they understand the ideas and concepts . If they did n't understand the ideas and concepts , they would n't learn the right facts , they will not understand the facts , so when that time , they will have the wrong thinging for the facts . So that is important for the students to understand ideas and concepts . They can study how to have their life and can know more knowledges from that .
(TEL,low) By lauching fewer cars in this means that the socity of our country is leading so that the india country is developed more compare to other countrys . By lauching a new car means first we must look at the desing of the , and checking the miliage of the because in india the petrol and disel are very expensive And looking the speciality of compare to other cars . In that past twenty years the cars where not design properly . At that time the cost of petrolum products are very less compare to this future . Now the country has developed to some amount so we can buy the latest cars at any range . This confirms that the past and future are opposite to each other . So this kind of cars can be relesed at this so that all the people in this country are grow very much . At that time cars are not used in this century because like that kind of cars cannot run in nowwer roads . So it may create so problems in the road side . So like that kind of are rarelly running in our country so our youth are perfering the new cars only . By supplying this kind of cars means our country will developed rather than other . This kind of cars suppling can be entering into the another country . This kind of words are mean to all of us by supplying the cars throught worldwide so there learn some kind of kno
(JPN,low) In my point of view , I can not agree with statement ; young people enjoy life more than older people do . Because , I think , order people have experience , knwoledge and shape of life . Young people almost think that they can any thing and they can break some situations with young power . but it is not ture , mey be . All need is , in my opinion , experience . When we solve some problem , we will call back own experience . And if we got a same stiation before , we could find solution form experience . Older people have lots of experience , because they lived long time than young people . So older people could find solution soon . Less problem makes enjoy life . Second , Older people have many kind of knowledge . Thus , older people can understand the almost things . And they can share these knowledges with his sun or other people . He can teach someting . It is so exiciting and enjoynable thing . In the other hand , young people can not this sharing . Because they are so young and they have not enogh knowledge to teach for another person . Finally , older people have shape of life . It means they can find a answer ; who am i and what is distnation of life . In yougtime , we alway search some ansewer ; who i am or what should do in my life . In that situation , we have no time for enjoy life . we always should keep thinking or searching . Order pepole , however , will some answer about this question from enoght experiences or knowledges . So they can not hurry in their life and they can enjoy his lest of life . All in all , Seeminglly , youg peple have lot of time and they can enjoy their life more , But , in fact , older people can more enjoy than young people . Because they have experience , knowledge and shape of life .
(ARA,low) I agree that young pepole nowadays do not give their communites the required time in order to help them in a sufficient way , ther are many reasons that support my point of view , and I will discuss them here . first of all , young people nowadays tend to spend their time in unuseful activites without being care of the importance of their behaviours , they want to spend their free time speaking with their friends about unimportant things , such as a television series , consequently , they will not find enough time to help poor people or to improve agood idea in order to serve the local people in their community , such as , cleaning the streets and planting trees . Second , young pepole prefer investing their time doing their special works and requirement , rather than participating in a common activity that will benifit the others . they see that their time is owned for them only . Third , each one of them want to be the best , so he/she try not to help the others and not to enhance any thing around him like the education in his/her community . he/she like to get the best chnces , oppurtinities and to deprive the others from them . In conclusion , I agree that youngs restrect their time on themselves and not to benifit their communities .
(SPA,high) I would like to think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . However as far as I am concerned , this is very unlikely to happen . The only solid argument that I can find to defend the reduction in the number of cars is that due to the lack of gas and consequently the increase in its cost , people will buy less cars . Nevertheless , people are so used to have a car that in my opinion it is more probable that we will move to electric cars . Furthermore , what would happen with the big car manufacturers ? I think that they would find ways to keep people buying cars . Another fact that we have to take into account , is the growth of cities . Things are further and further nowadays and there are few policies trying to increase the use of public transportation . Therefore the use of car becomes very important . It is also relevant to measure what cars imply . They are an evidence of economic power and they provide independence , a feeling of freedom . Are people going to renounce to those feelings ? Honestly , I do not think that teenagers are going to reject their only source of independence . The same way people in their fifties will keep buying sports cars . Those are traditions that have become too relevant in our society to be changed in only twenty years . What about the new powerful countries like China ? As the salaries increase people tends to consume more . China is a new market willing to buy more and more cars as its citizens can afford them . For all the reasons sated above such as , the power of big manufacturers , the new demand in countries like China , and the role that cars currently play in our society , I do no think that things will change in twenty years .
(ARA,low) In the begging young people nowadays do n't care about anything they spend there time in waching movies and listening to music and cilibrities , young people nowadays like to be free and with out a strict , having fun and enjoying there lifes but they have time for every thing even for helping their communities . Nowadays young people do n't care about the benefits of helping their communities , on their sons and dougters , thats how it work in our days exept some young people of course they help their communities and do any thing to glade their communities and parents . So , my dear young people nowadays how do n't care about helping people and helping your communities , help them and you will win the happenies and you have the time to do it every young human have that time to their communities and their countries . Do n't miss the approtonatiy to win the happines and the glad of you and you parents . I hop you will take my advice and doing it and you will be the winners and god will help you in this and every thing good in your short life .
(GER,medium) Concerning the question , if I agree with the statement , that the number of cars will slow down , when you look 20 years into furture from now on . I will say , I do not . So I disagree with this hyphosise . In this essay I will explain , why my opinion is like this . First 20 years is a short time to reduce the number of cars , when you look on the development of cars . Second , in the recent past , the car grows to an status symbole for people who thought they are someone . That means people buy very expensive cars and especially cars that you recognize , when you see them for the first time . So they create their status with these ones . Third , although everyone says , that cars have a bad impact on nature , the number of cars still increased through out the past years . Moreover people got rich and richer , that means these ones who live in surroundings , where almost everyone has a car . So why should there be fewer cars in the future . Perhaps , the cars will be build up with motors , who are better for nature , that means the emission of these will decrease in the future . An example is already there , when you think on the car that just need 3 liters per one hundered cilometers . So in conclusion , I think the number of cars will grow up , than fall down . Facing the globilization , people will need cars to get from one point to another . People got wide spread when you think of the families that are all over the globus , since they got the chance to do so with vehicles , like the car . The plain is also one of these vehicles , that encourage people to travel . So these vehicles will sprea ou
(FRE,medium) Nowadays cars are the most common way to move . They have been created in the nineteenth century and had become rapidely important . Cars became popular since it was easier to move , in contrary to train you can go wherever you want especially when you have to do short distances . Therefore why cars in use will be fewer and what cars company have to do to save their market ? Cars in use will be fewer in twenty years . Firstly the price of oil will still increase since their is tention between the occident and orient and therefore many people wo n't be able to drive anymore since it will be too expensive for them . Moreover cars act negatively on the environment , they will be point as guilty for the pollution . Further more new ways of transport are developped and will reduce the numbers of cars : trains are getting faster and more secure and plains deserve more destinations . Finally the licence to drive is harder to get , therefore every year less people can drive . Cars company can react to this future discrease by two ways . First of all they have to find new energy to substitute oil with an other more ecologic , like in brasil where people use energy from corn . they have also to discrease the price of the cars so that more people will be able to buy one , like the new french car call logan who has been lunched on the eastern europpean market . finally numbers of cars wo n't discrease since new markets open in india and china where almost three billions will be hypothetical buyers to conclude , i disagree with the following stament since new markets will open and car companies will research new concept like hybrid motors to keep their markets .
(JPN,high) There is a great range of opinons about whether people agree with this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . Some people might agree with this statement and other people might disagree with this statement . As far as I am concerned , I disagree with this statement because many people can achieve their success by not taking risks and improving what is well-known . I like to focus on these reasons in more detail . The first and primary reason for my belief is that many people can achieve their success by avoiding risks . For example , if people can learn a lot of information from other 's failure , they might be successful without taking risks . To give my family 's example , when my grandfather started new business in any fields , he always reseached about the failure examples conducted by other people because failture example taught him why these businesses were not successful . He was so prudent that he could make his success without taking any risks . This example shows that people can be successful not by taking risks but by avoiding risks . That is why I disagree with this statement . Another reason why I disagree with this statement is that people also can be successful not by trying newthings but by improving what is well-known . One example that comes to mind quickly is the Japanese internet shopping site , so-called Rakten . This internet site always did not provide new technology and methods to customers . However , this company was always thinking about how to attract their cuctomers and make customers buy easily . Then it improved their site constantly . Finally , this company dominated internet shopping site without introduing new technology . I think this example shows people can be successful without trying new things . Considering all these facts I mentioned above , there is no doubt that I disagree with this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . Of course , I can not deny that many successful people tried new things and took risks . For example , Sony , a famous global company in Japan , always tried new things and provied new electric appliances , such as portable radio and video games . However , I still disagree with this statement because many people can achieve their success by avoiding risks and improving what is well-know .
(HIN,high) Young people are the fundamental building blocks of any community . They are its foundation , whether it be culturally , politically or even socially . I believe that young people contribute precious time to helping their communities as they are well sensitised to the problems that it faces . The youth of any country is an essential ingredient in the larger matrix of a well-knit community . Young people , through various media and other fora , like television , the internet , are exposed to the grond realities in their community . Education also informs them about the problems plaguing their community , and modes and methods of resolving these problems . For example , by the constructive use of demonstrations and petitions , students in India have been at the vanguard of a silent yet sturdy movement seeking to transform the current status quo of lethargy and sloth in politics into one of efficiency and nimbleness . With the advent of the internet , the young people have found an articulate mouthpiece . They are frequently expressing their opinions through blogs and what have you may . Owing to their adaptive and dynamic nature , the youth has its finger firmly on the community 's pulse . With the rapid pace with which the different forms of communication emerge , the youth are sure to become major shareholders in the future from being mere stakeholders as of now . However , such fervour on part of the youth should be guided by experienced and responsible members of the community . At times , unregulated action by the youth has led to catastrophies . For example , during the Cutlural Revolution in China , the Red Guards , as the youth was referred to , at the behest of Chairman Mao Zedong , without any inkling as to how to improve their society , lead to the killing and slaughter of intellectuals , the very intellectuals who were agents of change in the community . In conclusion , the youth has done its fair share of community service . In fact , they have been welcome agents of change amidst a sea of senility and inaction by previous generations . The role essayed by them will only increase in size and stature as time progresses .
(TEL,medium) I agree with statement . Young people do enjoy there life morethan older people , young people have more energy and more adrenalin which heips them to do whatever they want on the other side older people have less energy and enthusiasm , there bodies are weak and so they have to think twice before they do anything . For example if a young man wants to go for a tour in his holidays then the first thing that comes to his mind is where to go , whom to take , when etc but when a old persom considers a trip to go somewhere the first thing that comes to his mind is how long will be the journey and what all precautions he needs to take . young people can freely do whatever they want but older people may have many health problems which will restrict them from doing things which they wuold have liked to do . Young people can eat , drink do anything they like but older people will have many restrictions . When it comes to sports young people are encouraged to play many of them where as older people are always cautioned and even they are afraid play to there full potential . Older peoples mind set is mainly different when compared to younger people like they look at life as journey coming to an end mostly thinking about what they have achieved and feeling satisfied where as young people never think of ther past they always plan their future , they view there life as a beggining of a great journey . For example older people think about there college times when they were young always thinking of the funny things and there personal experiences and feeling satisfied . Where as young people think and plan about there how to enjoy there life like planning to go for tour with friends or play games with his friends , constantly thinking how to enjoy there life . So in the end i conclude that younger people enjoy
(GER,high) I disagree with the statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities . '' I believe that there are a lot of young people right now , that contribute to the benefits of our society and/or communities . In the course of the last fifty years , young people have gained a lot of independence from their families and from their communities . We have more freedom , of course within the bounds of our parents rules . But with independece comes responsiblity and I firmly believe that young people take this responsibilty not as a burden , but as a chance . In Germany there are several volunteer based organisations , only led by some staff members , but made effective by their large volunteer basis . Church - , as well as Non-Profit - and Government-Organisations . In these organisations most of the volunteers are young people . They can contribute the time and are willing to contribute the effort to improve something in their community . Because of my experience as a volunteer in the AFS ( American Field Service , the world-leader in student exchange ) and another Church-Organisation I take the freedom to discuss the motivation of young people to engage in these activities . It is a plattform to communicate and connect with other young people , while improving your own `` soft-skills '' and helping a worthy project . That seems like a very good oportunity . Young people know that they are helping , but in my opinion there is no reason not to have fun while doing it . The discussed statement implies an older speaker , a grown-up , who believes that in his time , young people were doing more for their communities , that he in his youth was doing more , than young people do today . Maybe the kind of work changed over the course of years as well . Today these volunteer organisations make food ralleys , fundraise money doing car-washing or make benefit tombolas , while in the past , `` helping your community '' was maybe more like collecting trash from the community garden . Helping your community has become more attractive over the course of time for young people and there are a lot of young people doing this kind of work , but maybe the areas of this work have changed so that for a outside viewer it looks like less is done .
(JPN,low) I think that young peopledo not have to enjoy older people do . Nowadays , young people get to forget gladness for older people . There are mother , father , grandfather , grandmother and so on in older people . They hade made our country and era . We do not have to forget that . Therefore , young people have right to enjoy our life , but it is bad that they enjoy life more than older people . For example , we have known that father and mother had taken care of us since we had been born . Moreover , grandfather and grandmother had done the same as our parents . Therefore , we have to show our appreciate emotion for them . There are older people who experiment war . I think even if young people do not try to enjoy their life , they can enjoy life more than them . And now , young people can go school , play with friends and eat good foods own older people . Therefore young people must think over that what they shoud do instead of older people more than eonjoying life . And this action will make our countries and world . Our lives connect each other . Life of grandparents connects parents , and life of parents connects their children .
(ARA,medium) Young people are still involved in activities to help their communities . It 's true that many young are more concerned about their own life , than about doing services to the community , but it is not a rule . At a first sight one might think that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . Actually , young people nowadays seem to give more importance to their own life than to the community . So they spend the greatest part of their free time doing sport , engaged in cultural activities , on the net , or just sharing moments with their freinds . But when we look at the issue closly , it is obvious that many young people all over the world are still engaged in activities to help their communities . In 2003 , i had the opportunity to participate to the world congres of youth in Morocco , there , i met and debate with young people from different countries about some of the most burnig isues in the world , and tried to find solutions to deal with poverty , unemploy ; ent ... In my ingeneering school , students are particularly involved in many activities to help te local community . Actually , last year we gathered finacial aids for some famillies to help them by toys for their kids . I allso helped i teacher giving science lessons . That is to say that young people are still concerned about helping their community . Young people think about them selves and about their future first . But , there are many engaged in
(TUR,low) Young people will take the control of our country . They are our 's future . we educate them . However , nobody think the future and young people are n't important for them . if younp people give enough time to helping their communities , everybody understand them . Nowadays , young people do n't five enough time to helping their communities because they want playing games and chatting on the internet . We should teach them to importance of the helping communities . If they understand what they did wrong , it is benefitial for everyone . As we know , all people like playing computer games and surfing on the internet . However , when they do this , they forget their works and their duties . Also young people behave like this and they do n't give enough time to elping their communities . In schools , teachers do n't teach only the lessons . They should teach them the importance of helping their communities . If they teach them , they will never forget it and it is benefitial for our country . Finally , if we do n't think the future , we should n't live . Because we have to give our sons a perfect world and , of course , they should use this world as good as they can .
(ITA,medium) The question if it is better to have a broad knoledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject is quite difficult . There are three point to discuss about this question . The first point is taht having a broad konwledge can help you in finding a job because as much as you know as vary can be the fields in with you can deal with . Moreover you will be able to take part in a variety of subjects with people and this can help you to socialise when you are in a new environment with peolple you do n't know . Third , you can link different informations and create a personal point of view . On the other hand , specialize in a certain subject can help you to become a leader in your job field and an expert . Furthermore you can speak deeply about your subject in a conversation , and you can use it for appealing people who listen to it and make a strong impression . Finally , you can teach or give specific informations to other persons in a conversation helping them to understand new matters far away of their fields of interest . As far as I am concerned , I agree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge and I am quite sure that a broad knwledge is better that a specific one . My experience teach me this . I attended Social and political studies at university an this is a very broad knowledge course. : Later in life it has been reallly useful in my job , in understanding the worlds and make me flexible in learning new tasks . For all these reasons , I think it can be helpful in daily life an for yourself as human being . In the end , I think one mus n't stop learnig in life , I would like to continue to study the subjects i prefer and learn new ones that can be help me to be a better person .
(TEL,high) I do agree with the statement that in the twenty years there will be fewer cars than they are today . There are many reasons for this like the environmental impact , the distance to be travelled , the traffic problem , cost of the fuel , increase in the labour charges for fixing the car , the policies of the government , etc . These are explained as below . First , from the environmental point of view cars are a major source of pollution pouring heavy amounts of carbon monoxide in to the atmosphere . So many people are these days much aware of the environment and are intending to live in a pollution free cities and towns . The people stopped buying cars in many of the countries these days and are resorting to other means of transport like trains and buses which carry many passengers at a time having a negligent effect on the environment when compare to cars if all those people travel in each . Second , these days since the cities being fully developed and no places being left in the city so many of the firms are being shifted to the outskirts of the city . Many people will find it difficult to travel to the outskirts of the city in a car as the distance is much longer and they also find it safer to travel by trains and buses . It is also cheaper when compared to travelling by a car . The railways and the public tranportation these days have been developed a lot and it is much safer these days to travel by these sources . Third , the traffic problem and the cost of the fuel . As the population has increased the number of vehicles people used has also increased by a considerable number as a result the traffic in the towns and cities is very heavy . Many people found that it is very stressful to drive in such a heavy traffic and the accidents have also increased . Moreover the cost of the fuel like diesel and petrol is increasing day by day and people are finding it much difficult to pay so much for the fuel . In the twenty years the fuel may cost twice or thrice of the present cost . The labour charges for fixing the car have also increased by a considerable amount and in the future they are may be five to six times more . Finally the traffic in the cities and towns is very heavy and the people have to get struck inthe traffic for hours and hours . The parking lots alloted for the cars are filled by half the customers in the shopping malls and the people are finding it difficult to park the cars . The goverment also imposed amny restrictions on the owners of the cars like cars should not be used for more than 10 years , they have to have the pollution check certified every two months , etc . I hope that people will stop buying cars in the next twenty years basing on alll these factors . But however the travel by car is very convinient as we can travel at any time we need .
(JPN,medium) I think that it is good idea to go trip as a group with a guide . This is because tourists are able to know and get knowledge from the guide who knows a lot of thing about the place . If it is possible , people should have a guide and get knowledge from them because it can be nice oppotunity . The point is that people are travel to see other places where they are not live in their usual daily life . Therefore , it is more reasonable to study other cultures and thinking . Those ideas will probably help to make their thinking wider . In other words people who have seen many different countries or place are able to think everything more critically and logically , because they know why the cultures are differnt by taking a lecture of guides . Also , it is important to make the group . The first reason is that people can learn from others , not only from the guide . If somebody in your grop can share the knowlege with you , it is great oppotunity to know other cultural thinking . If I compare group tour to private tour , it is clear that a person who is in a grop tour can think more different way beaacsue ther are others who has another idea which he has . In other hand , a person who takes tour by himself is going to keep his own idea , beacasue there are no others who provide othe point of view to him . The guide is the person who is specializing to teach history or local knowledge about him or her palace . As I mentioned in above , it is neccessary to know other cultures because you may think everything from many points of view . Also , making group is easier way to understand how other people feel and think . Therefore I think that the best way to travel is a group led by a tour guide .
(SPA,high) People in general tend to do either one of these : enjoy or not enjoy life . It doesnt matter if the person is young or old , enjoying life is a matter of personal decision . Comparing who enjoys life more , old people or young people , is a matter of opinion , because they ca n't be comparable . Comparing a young life with an old one is like comparing green grapes and purple greapes , eventhough they are from the same species , their taste is totally different . Young people enjoy activities that old people do n't enjoy anymore and viceversa , a young person wont enjoy some activties as much as an old person will , eventhough they are both human . Old people tend to enjoy life in different ways . Some of the activities that are common for old people to do and enjoy include reading , listening to music , eating , sharing time with the family , learing , watching T.V etc . There are some activities that old people are not able to accomplish anymore , but they enjoy to watch it . The man next door , Carlos , used to play soccer . Now he is too old to play soccer but still he enjoys watching it , and believe it or not , he screams to the TV and cries if his team loses . Carlos , as many other old men , enjoy more watching the soccer than playing it because his physical habilities are now limited by his age . Many young people belive that old people cant enjoy their lives because they cant do certain activities that they do and enjoy . This is an erroeus thought . Old people enjoy their life just as young people enjoy thiers . That someone young likes more to play soccer than to watch it doesnt mean that watching soccer should be boring . Old people , like my grandfather , love to tell stories and bring back memories of things he did when he was young . He likes to go through his life and tell us , the grandchildren , about it . Eventhough he cant do those activities or trips anymore , he still enjoys to share them . Young people enjoy their life just as old people enjoy thiers , but again , differently . Someone around 17 years old might enjoy going to parties , dancing , playing sports and hanging out with friends . While someone about 70 years old wouldnt enjoy that at all . Martha , a friend of mine , used to enjoy going to parties , hang ingout and dancing . Today she is 65 years old , and she doesnt enjoy that anymore because she gets tired and she usually believes that the music volume is too high . She now enjoys cooking , talking and reading . A young person can not judge who enjoys life more because they havent lived that old to comment on that . They dont know the perspective of an old person because they havent been there yet . Meanwhile , old people are more likley to know by their personal experiences wheather they enjoyed life more as a young person or as an old one and it is all matter of opinion . Enjoying life is a matter of decision . One might decide to live a happy life while others might decide not to . It doesnt matter if one is young or old , enjoying life is a matter of personal decision . Old people and young people , both can enjoy life to the same level only that by doing certain things that one , either the old or the young , might think that is not something he or she would enjoy . So who enjoys life more , the old or the young people , is up to them , to us . It is up to every individual on how they decide to live their life .
(JPN,high) Students learn many subjects in school . Teachers feel difficulties how to teach . Some people think that studying facts is more important than studying ideas and concepts . On the other hand , others believe that learning ideas and concepts is more important than leaning facts . In my opinon , knowing ideas and concepts is more important than knowing facts . I will explain reasons to support my view . Ideas and concepts is helpful for students to understand facts . First of all , ideas and concepts are besic of all facts . Without basic theories , students can not understand facts . For instance , there are many theories to understand people 's behaviors in psychology . I could understand others behaviors and my feelings by understanding these theories . Secondly , using ideas and concepts , individuals can develop ideas and extend their view of points . In short , ideas and concepts should be learned first . Learning ideas and concepts enable students to solve problem quickly . First of all , students can think issues logically because ideas and concepts make problems easier to understand . Secondly , students learn skills effectively . For instance , to learn language , such as English , students need to learn grammer and structure . Only listening native speaker 's conversations is not enough to master English . In brief , ideas and concepts is useful for students . Of course , learning facts is also important . However , usually facts are matters to support ideas or concept , therefore facts are supplyment for them . In addition , observing facts is interesting and students are attracted study by wathing facts , yet after all students need ideas or concepts to study their interests deeply . To conclude , ideas and concepts is a neccesity for students to consider subject deeply . On the other hand , facts are only one aspect of real phenomenon . Hence , it is not difficult to say that leaning ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .
(HIN,medium) I totally disagree with the statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . '' Its was seen that in last twenty years their was big change in the world of automobiles and in the manufacturing industries of automobiles . People are got edicted to the most sufficient and more easy way of transport to reach their respective destinations . In todays fast tracking ( moving ) life every one is used of his own way of transport . People want to reach their offices , colleges etc in short period of time . Now seeing this rapid growth of population and technology in every part of the world everyone is least concernd about money . In todays life everyone is fond of the most convienient way of transport to go to their destination and in this competitive world every one is doing their best to get satisfied with what they do and what they get . Seeing to all these options every one trys to have a vehcile of their own and which can be comfortable for ones family . Since their is huge competition in this world of bussiness every company are giving their best in their source . Everyone wants to go out and have some fun with his family members , so to go out for a picnic with family the most easy way is to have a car of own so that one can enjoy his time with his family . In this generation and in this competition the price of the car has come down and today an ordinary man can buy a car . By seeing the competition in the market each company is giving their best in the least price which they can and having much profit also . Even some banks are providing 0 % interest on car loans . So by seeing this competition and rapid growth of technology cars are becoming much affordable now . Therefore i can say that in the coming twenty years there will be more numbers of cars as they are in present but not fewer from todays number of cars because people choose the most easy and simple way of transport for their sake and the number of cars will increse in coming future but will not come down .
(FRE,high) People have to choose a major before entering in a College . There are specialized majors such as for example Engineering , Languagues , Litterature , etc ... but we are able to choose a study which taught many academic subjects . Is it better to have a broad knowledge rather than having a specialization in one topic ? On the first hand , I will talk about having broad knowledge of many academic subjects . I think it is very important to have a large knowledge of many academic subjects . For instance , when I talk to a friend , if he told me a lot of informations about several subjects , I would find he is very smart . Having a broad knowledge of many academic subject proves people thqt we have a huge culture , and it is useful when there is a discussion about a topic . Indeed , if we had a broad knowledge , we would be able to talk about everything ! However , there is a drawback . We just have the main points of every subjects , we wo n't be able to talk about everything of a subject . That 's why I think that it is better to study several subjects , such as for example Maths , Biology or Litterature , when we are at high school and not at the University . Indeed , pupils have to try every subject in order to find which way they can take after the high school . High school helps us a lot in finding the perfect major we want to study in a University . On the other hand , people are able to choose and to specialize in one specific subject . I think it is better to make this choice because it is useful in order to find a job in the future . For instance , I would like to work as a flight controller in the European Space Agency ( ESA ) . That is why I have to specialize myself in one specific subject : Aerospace Engineering . If I chose to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , I would have an enormous culture but I would n't be able to find a particular job . To sum up my opinion , I do n't agree with the statement . I think we should specialize in one specific subject in order to find the job we want to have in the future .
(ITA,medium) Yes I agree with this statement . I think that young people have so much time to spend how they want . Tipically young people do not work and they can do more things than older people . They can dedicate time to their hobbies , meetting some friends , going for a walk , playing a game or going to the the cinema . Young people have no specific time that can constrain their actions . Unlike , older people have it . A yuong guy can go out in the evening with his friends , going into a pub , coming back late in the night and if he doesn ` t want , the next day he can stay at home instead to go to work as older people do . Older people , anyway , can have some advandages . the most important is that they have a lot of money that younger people don ` t have . with that money they can buy what they want , as : car , computers , vacations and traveler in general , house and etc ... all things that can improve their lives . Older people have a lot of responsabilities that young people don ' t have . They have maybe a marrige to maitain some children to grow up . Young people in contrast have more indipendence but is true that at least they have to respect the orders of the their parents . In conclusion I confirm my opinion ( that is the same of the task question ) : young people enjoy life more than older people do .
(GER,medium) From my point of view it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts , because of my own experiences . It does not make any sense if they learn facts , sometimes by heart , without understanding . Furthermore , if they understand the ideas and concepts , they automatically learn them . In addition to that , they remember things , they learned by understanding better then without . Moreover , what do they want to do with their knowledge , they learned once , without understanding ? They cannot use it in their life . And students learn for their life and not only for their teacher . For exemple sometimes it is not important to know all the chronological years and events of the past by heart . It is much more important to know , why something happened and/or someone did ? Another exemple which refers to that topic is the subject latin . I learn it in school since 4 years and we do not only learn a large amount of vocabulary to translate some texts into our language , but we also analyse the texts . Today it is easy to make researches on the internet , by only printing something out , without understanding anything . You have the choice to learn everything without understanding , or you read everything carefully with understanding . As far as I am concerned the second way is the better one . All in all it is better for students to understand everything , then only learn them by heart .
(FRE,high) Advertisement has been widely critized for giving wrong information to consumers . Therefore it is a common idea , with which I agree , that advertisers make products seem much better than they really are . Numerous reasons explain the motivations and reasons to such a behaviour ; the defintion of marketing and the asymmetric information between producers and consumers . First of all , to justify the statement , let us focus on the aim of advertising . Adverstisers create ads in order to attract the largest part of consumers they possibly can . That is to say that an effective ad is one that can make consumers believe that the product is worth being bought and of course consumed . To that end , advertisers will naturally emphasize all the good aspects of the product in order to compound the bad ones . Fast food is a fine example of this strategy . Indeed , while all you can get from a fast food advertisement is its tasty picture and its low price , nothing is mentionned about the fatening potential is encounters . This manipulation of the consumer is of course unethical and that is one of the reasons why advertisment is critized . However , it is explainable by what an American economist named Steven Levitt calls asymmetric information . This theory arguments and justifies my agreement with the essay statement . What Levitt calls asymmetric information points out the fact that advertisers have a considerable advantage compared to consumers which is information . Indeed , adverstisers have all the information they need about the product they work on . It is therefore their prerogative to choose easily among those informations the ones they want to keep to make their products seem much better than they really are . In that way , we can say that consumers are victims of such asymmetric informations . Because of the aim of marketing and advertisers advantage compared to consumers when it comes to information , most
(HIN,medium) I agree with this statement . Some time companies do marketing of their products to get more profit . I think not only some but most of thems do same . there are lots of reasons and examples available to support my claim . Lots of peoples are there who complains about products . they start using that product after viewing advertisements . I have a serious problem due to this . When I used to stay in India at that time , on many TV channels they saw really very popular and attractive advertisment for shampoo . It is like if you use this shampoo your hair will look like this man . You can feel change in your hair with in few weeks . So I attracted due to that and star using that product . And its true that I start feeling change in my hair . But instead of shining my hair , my hair start disapparing . Yes thats true that I have hair lose problem . Before I use that product I do n't have that problem . So I quit using that product any more , and start using what I used to use early . But thats not end of my problem . Even today aslo I am suffering with that problem . I had spent lots of money for maditation but I did not find any improvement in my hair . But due to that madicines I have another side effect . Ohh God ! I am really feel so bad . Not only that but now in the USA also I am affaried of trying new stuff . I think there must be some rules to make advertisements . Like in advertisements companies must show what could be the side effects and how to take precations to use that product . In my case its okay , but I had seen lots of people who are suffering from serious problems just due to much more good advertisements then actually they are . According to my view point government must pass a law that companies must have to show truth in advertisements insted of imagnary things . Let people live in real world and not in just imagnary world .
(CHI,medium) Some people think that it is more important for students to understand ideaas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . Others do not think so . In my opinion , I prefer the first one because the goals of studing is to how to use the knowledge . For high school and college students , it is important to understand the ideas of the courses . If you just can remerber some facts and can not know the reasons , then you will not deep understand the main purposes and some implied meading behind the facts . Usually , this is essential for studing the article or reserching some science experiments . For example , Iwhen you learn some history episode , the more you can learn background , the more understanding you learn the content . In addition , you will be flexable to apply your knowledge to what you need if you understand the course . forexample , in the exam , if the teachear give some questions on the exam paper different from the content in the class , but you still can deal with it if you really understand the content but not just depending your rememory . On the other hand , learning is for practising . When you grasp some knowledge and can use it to deal with problems , in this way you can be competent in the job market in the future . Of course , learning facts is very nessessary for the students especially for the primary students . Young childern must learn some primary knowlege that is helpful to them . To sum up ,
(KOR,high) Travelling in a group led by a tour guide coud be very interesting . The tour guide is an expert so there is little chance that the group would miss out any tourist attractions that are worth visiting . However , as far as I 'm concerned , travelling all by myself is much more exciting as it does not stop me from making spontaneous decisions and it also gives me time to think about my life and plan my future . To begin with , being with a tour guide would mean that I have to follow the schedule that has been drawn up beforehand and this would be very boring for the group of travellers . They have to visit places that are chosen by the tour guide even though they are not interested in them at all . For example , I went on a school trip to China recently and we visited many famous gardens in China . They were all beautiful , of course , but I am not really keen on looking around gardens so the trip was very boring for me . If I was allowed , I would have visited other places of my choice but obviously , I was not . Thus , when travelling as a group , it is very inconvenient that no-one is supposed to do any spontaneous actions . Moreover , to some people , travelling could be very special in respect that it could be a deviation from their normal life . They may need to take some respite from busy lives they lead . For instance , I plan to have a gap year once I graduate from the high school and travel Europe all by myself . This trip would make it possible for me to look back on my past life and it would also give me enough time to think about what I want to do in the future . It is a lot better to travel alone when you need to ponder over important decisions to be made . Hence , at some stage in their lives , people need to be solitary while travelling in order to have time to get the new energy to carry on with their lives . To conclude , I believe that travelling as a group is not quite perfect for some because it restricts people from doing anything at the spur of the moment and also because it is impossible for people to have a quiet time by themselves to cool off their heads if they are with other people . I do not intend to assert that travelling alone is the best for everyone as it really depends on individual 's personal preference . The fundamental purpose of travelling is , I think , is to reflect on yourselves and if some people could do this while travelling as a group ,
(GER,medium) In most cases academic education provides the possibility of a profound and distinct understanding of a certain subject in Germany . As a basis you have to take several subjects in the beginning and this leads after approximately a year to specialization into one subject . A broader knowledge of more academic subjects could have some advantages regarding more flexible and way different approaches to solve a problem . However , this leads to a lack of specific details on evaluating complex problems . One might argue that with a greater diversity of subjects there will be more solutions and the person can go into detail if it is required . But this often requires a lot of time and usually companies are not willing to invest more money and additional time on educating their employees . Hence , specilization if choosen in a smart way can give the applicant for example a significant advantage . On the other hand it has to be ensured that cultural understanding and logical thinking trained by mathematical education has been provided . Therefore the schools host students in Germany for 12 to 13 years are responsible . Education needs a lot of time implying that a further unspecialized subjects are being tought at the universities it even takes longer for a student to be prepared of working autonomously . According to the benefit of the society and a person which accomplishes its studies in a shorter amount of time the conclusion I 'm drawing is to ensure broad knowledge in schools and in the first year of university but then quickly turn into specific subjects . This does n't mean to limit everyone to only one subject . Especially in science there are lots of examples where fields overlap and knowledge of both subjects is the key to interact but it just takes too much time and resources to educate e.g. a scientist in literature and music art and vice versa . Eventually everyone should be able to choose whatever he or she wants to study and know where their strenghts lie .
(SPA,medium) Some people think that the young people enjoy life more than older people , while others think that older people enjoy life more than younger people . I think that the young people enjoy life more that older people because they have a lot of time to do whatever they want and also they are not married . I think that the young people can enjoy life more than older people because young peolpe have a lot o time to do everything . Also I think that because young people enjoy life doing the thing that they like , such as , skaiting , snowboarding and surffing . Also I think that the young people enjoy life because they always do the things that the old peolpe do n't want to do . Moreover , the young people have a lot of enery to do everything , one thing that the old people do n't have because they felt taired about that . However , I think that one kind of old people can enjoy life more than younger people , that is the old people that have a lot of money and are a little bit crazy . I think that kind of old people can enjoy life more or seme such younger people because they have a lot of money to do everything that they want , so they do n't care about spent money . But for all the others that do n't have a lot of money , I think that the young people enjoy life more because they are not married , so that means that they do n't have any responsability because they are alone . I think that the young people enjoy life more than older because they have a lot of time , a lot of enery and also they can do whatever they want because they are not married , so that 's means that the young people is free to do everything in they lifes .
(TUR,medium) In my opinion , according to the statistics in the past decade imigration to the big cities from suburban areas is rapidly growing . I think that cars become more popular relaed with this city lifestyle . Meanwhile number of big metropolitians are increasing year by year . I would like to draw an attention the reasons of imigration such as huge potential of unemployment , not enough support for agriculture and farmers , a huge gap between urban and suburban areas education system across the country . So in big cities personel cars become a requirement for those people . As i mentioned before living in a big city forces you to have a car to do everything you want in this lifestyle . Besides it also accounts for traffic jam and big mass caos in cities that makes people unable to live in . On the other hand there are different kind of public transportations . In developed countries we can perceive widespread usage of public transportations . But if we look at the developing countries personel car usage is hiher rates becuase of insufficent public transport systems . For example , Istanbul is the biggest city of Turkey ; since last year i can not drive to work because there is always an enormous traffic on highways Do you think it would probably changed ? No i do not think so . Whereas technological developments also provides a appropriate platform for people to attract and make them to Buy a new car . To sum up , in our rapidly changing and developing world to live witout a car would a utopia . The more money you earn , the more luxury you need .
(ARA,medium) This world we live in has always managed to find its way of a change such as what we have today : the common usage of cars every where . To be honest i would never suspect that there will be a fewer number of cars ever , because the world isnt made to help people find another mean of transportation . unless mankind succesfully achieves the prospect of spaceships or in other words floating cars , then there will be absoloutly no dought that i will be thinking differently . What im saying is that it will take a much longer period of time for mankind to move on and give up on the cars we use , probably allot more than a hundred years if not more . Ofcourse im hoping that a new type of transportation mean would be achieved because cars can be such a bother , for example car accidents and parkings and most importantly car oil or fuel . Our worlds preservations are dying and its resorces are vanishing into thin air , and why do you think that is , just because we want to drive our cars . Im sure its mankinds need for survival but that doesnt make it any less harmful towards nature . In twenty years we will have lots of new ideas and inventions thats for sure but we are going to face an absoloutly big problem with the anormous number of cars being used and produced , the way i see it is that if we go on like this we might not manage to last for long . I think that the cars industry is at its peak these days i mean how much better can cars get to be they already managed to create built in facilities in cars , some people can live comfortably in a car . Cars are an amazing invention but it can be a double edged weapon if the number encreases through the next two decades .
(TUR,medium) Rich people or successsful people always try new things not because they are not happy or so just beacuse they want more and they think they can make more oir they need more for there future . People in these days take a lot of risk to make more money or have a much more succesful life . Still when they are making good money and have a succesful job they try new things . Things that they have n't done before but thing that they think will give them more success in life . I think people do this for three reason . If they are not happy with there standarts of life or if they are so greedy that they just want more and more and they will never stop wanting or if they will not continue successfully in this buisnees for the rest of their lifes . In our case if you are successful that means you do have a life that is the way you want it to be . Then there is two possible situations you may not be succesful in the future with your current business . Like having a clothes brand . In these days there are companies like gucci , prada or more casual companies like polo ralph lauren or abercombie are the top brands but in these buisnesses it is so hard to continue as a good company for such long time . So people try new thing they jump into new buisness or make new agreement like pair with a cell phone company and produce phone that has the name of a clothes brand , because one day his clothes may not start to sell and a company like prada or gucci may be out of buisnees so thy have to try stuuf that are risky but still give them the oppurtunity to continue successfully in there buisnesses . In other hand you may be the richest men and you may never worry what will a be tomorrow . Like Bill Gates he is the richest men alive and he wakes up twelve million dollars richer every day but still he goes in to new buisnnesses like having a console `` xbox '' this is all greed . Or in other hand I 'm not gonna give name but think of man that makes his money from food buisnees . He is so greedy that he tries something way out of his league . getting into arcitecture buisnesses and because he has the money he takes the risk but at the end he still makes money and the risk he takes wo n't hurt him or his company if he does not succesed in this buisness . In life succesful people mostly try new stuff not because they need money or more power they do it for the greed . Success does bring greed in to poeple and they allways want to be in top the most succesful one .
(CHI,medium) The ideas of taking risks is not only highly important to the well-being for a common person but also become a signifaciant step to success . So I am highly convinced that a sucessful people need try new things rather than only doing aleady know . Firstly , taking risk can make a man try different area , so he can know more knoeledge than a common man . For one thing , knowing more can takes a man staying in the right position which lets him be brave to face everything . For another , more knowledge is a good tool to do everything cellent and bring him to success . For the second reason , taking risk is a wise way to make more friends , a man can develop his interpersonal skills via meeting more friends . Only doing in the already knowing way , however , reduce the chance to see more people , which makes a negative impact on one 's communicating skills that plays an important part on finding jobs , doing teamwork and talking with others . appearntly , taking risk does make a good infuluence on the successful people . Last but not least , successful people should try new things to find what the disadvantage is In a final analysis , we can draw an brief view that taking risk is a good way to develop one ability . So successful people should try new things more than doing what already knowhow to do .
(TUR,medium) Marketing is a very crucial area of interest for research and for investment in today 's financial world . It is quite impossible for a person to ignore advertisements around for they are everywhere and that they are very impressive at pushing ideas into one 's mind . How many times does it happen that you use a product and then you come to hate it every time you see it advertised . I believe it happens very often , because advertisements make products ( or even services ) seem much better that they really are in various ways . Either it does n't look , taste , fell , etc. as expected , or there appears to be many unsatisfying aspects of it compared to a few innovative aspects which was advertised , or it becomes a short-term good product that had to be disposed . First of all , I believe the advertisements are made very professionally to make products look very fashionable , delicious , etc . Whether it is a new model of pair of jeans you see the gorgeus model wearing in the magazine or a burger someone eats so invitingly on TV ... It is always the case that the jeans do n't fit you when you try them on , or the burger is in pieces and has a strange unidentifiable sauce when you buy . Sometimes it is not a problem of looks that matters , problem becomes what is inside . A brand new technology gagdet you replaced your old one with - which we all happen to do often in this world of consumption - makes you miss that old technology . Apart from the new useful aspect that was was advertised , you struggle to make use of the product because you are always busy complaining and pointing out to people around you they never say everything in advertisements . The last case I always come accross is - although rare , at least as annoying as others - that the obtained product satisfies the owner in every way the advertisement said it would . Neverthless , nobody 's allowed to live happily ever after . The product is broken and it cannot be repaired or replaced . These are just a few examples of what I
(GER,high) In my opinion , success is mainly the result of realized chances and opportunities . As a consequence , I agree with the issued statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . I do acknowledge that there may be situations in which it may prove better to stick to what you are used to do . In the course of a sports examination , for example , it may not be too wise to try an entirely new way of jumping across a hurdle . However , even in a situation like this the basic fact remains valid that without taking some risk you may miss your chances . In my example this means that this one different jump might just have been the one your teacher wanted to see . Apart from that , I believe that you ca n't make any progress if you stay persistently at the same level . And always doing what you know how to well already does n't mean anything else but precisely this remaining static and without progress . In order to be successful , it is , in my opinion , essential that you make some progress . For usually success is connected with some achievement . This is just another reason why I agree with the issued statement . However , the most important reason , why I affirm this statement , is that chances may appear suddenly . And as I have explained prior to this , I consider taking and realizing your chances to be of fundamental importance for success . If you always pondered about whether to seize an opprtunity or not , it would probably be gone before you came to a decision . It is often impossible to realize your chances with an absolute certainty that everything will turn out all right . Consequently , there always is a risk in realizing them . And if you are not willing to take this risk and instead stick to what you know to do well already , you may very likely miss a chance to be successful .
(ITA,low) Ii do n't agree with the following . Is very difficult , in my opinion , think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . First of all we have to consider that there are a lot of Countries that are in expansion , Countries like China , India , Brasil . In this place there is an economic boom that in my opinion will increase a lot the car 's production . If we consider that in this countries live 1/3 of the world ' s populations , it 's simple to think that the use of cars can only increase . Another reason cause i do n't agree is that we , and when i say '' we '' i consider the '' rich '' world , do n't want to use a different way to move or different solutions instead car . In my own opinion is possible that in twenty years we can find a solutions for the pollution using elettric cars or another ki
(FRE,medium) Cars are associated with the twentieth century -- they were created at the beginning of this century . Nevertheless , since a decade , the sells of cars in Europe and in the United States of America are decreasing ; General Motors and Ford are still in the top 5 of the best car companies , but the first one is not an American . Because of environmental issues such as the greenhouse effect caused by emissions of carbon-dioxyde , we may wonder if in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Even if , in my opinion , in the industrialised world cars are tending to decrease because of the pressure of some environmental think-thanks , groups or organisations , I fiercely believe that there will be more cars in twenty years than now . Indeed , a host of countries which are nowadays in development , may reach their maturity in these twenty years -- for instance , when the Asian world , such as China or India , will be considered as industrialized countries , I suppose that an indian or a chinese car constructor would be next to the Toyota 's rank -- a car major companie . In other words , even though the industrialized world may do a host of investments in common transports such as bus or subway , I assert that in twenty years there will be more car than now . Oil rersources , which is the first car energy , are plummeting , and on the opposite , the demande is skyrocketing ; thus , it 's tantamout to saying that if there will be fewer energy in twenty years , there will be fewer cars . However , I still maintain that there will be more cars : during these twenty years , I suppose that alternative car 's enegies might be founded or created by scientists or ecologists , and therefore , that cars would be still abble and allowed to be driven . The twentieth century is the century of cars . This one may be a bridge between two kinds of transports . Nevertheless , the gap is still deep , and that 's why I think that there will be more , and not fewer , cars in twenty years .
(GER,medium) In our society time is running and we only have or take little time to discover a foreign country . And in these few days which are always not enough everything worth seeing has to be vistited . Additionaly it all should happen in an easy going way because no one wants to be stressed on his or her vacation . Therefore a guided tour may be the best way . There are many possibilities as well . It ranges from adventure tours containing sleeping in a tent under the sky until the more luxury one with a nice four or five star hotel included . Furthermore a guide most times knows the area like the back of his hand so no questions will be unanswered and every beautiful and famous place or building will be visited . But there are also some negative things by joining a guided tour . Most times only the tourist spots are visited which are subsequently crowded with tourists from all the other tours . So it is always worth it to find a tour that has additionally some points away from the usual places . Of course some things ` have ' to be vistited but in every country are several unknown places which are at least as remarkable although they do not appear in every tourist information book . And there are of course some people who will do everything on their own . Most times this means more planing or a very spontaneous lifestyle . But these people will probably have more contact with locals and a total difference experience and view of the visited country . In conlusion I think it is the most convenient way to travel in a group led by a guide because you can see all ` important ' buildings or landscapes but I would never go so far to say it is the best way , because that is something everyone has to choose of his or her own .
(TUR,high) With the advance of communication systems such as television and internet , access to information is becoming easier and easier . Therefore , it is not hard these days to find people with a little knowledge on a wide range of subjects . Access to information has become easier not only for ten-year-old children but also for scientists as well . However , it is not the range of subjects one has knowledge on , but the depth of knowledge in a specific subject , when it comes to academics . The reason is many fold . First of all , good academic work requires concentration , hard work , and above all , deep knowledge on the subject . It is of course true that having knowledge on many other subjects would help the researcher look at the subject , or the problem at hand from other points of view , but when it comes to actually producing good work , all that matters is expertize on the subject . Simply , one cannot produce original academic work without understanding the small details of the subject ; be it the inner workings of a physical principle , or the French cuisine in middle class of the seventeenth century . Another crucial reason as to one should specialize on the subject she is working on , rather than spending her time learning about other subjects is that in the end , one will have to convey his knowledge to the next generation . As this is the only way knowledge is accumulated , by passing from generation to generation , a researcher should always have a good understanding of the new discoveries in his field , which will require specializing on the subject . Only after having a deep knowledge on the subject can one let the next generation benefit from his background . Having superficial knowledge about a broad range of subjects is like reading the first pages of thousands of books , hence does not contribute to one 's wisdom or expertise . Compare that to someone who has only read Hemingway 's ` For Whom the Bell Tolls ' . It is not unreasonable at all to argue that the latter has gained a better wisdom from her experience .
(TUR,medium) Young people enjoy life more than older people . There are two reasons for my choice . Firstly , young people are more healthy than older people . Secondly , young people want to learn many different things especially enjoyable things . Young people are more healthy than older people . Health is important for doing enjoyable things . If you are not healthy you can not work , go to school , watch TV . Shortly you can do nothing that you have to and of course you can not enjoy . When you go to a pub , you dance and sometimes you drink . When you dance you really get tired . Dance needs energy and energy is in the youth . Also most of the old people have to use drugs and that ' s why they can not drink alchol . Another reason , the old people have to sleep long hours to feel well but the young people do not . Young people want to have experiments about everything enjoyable . Old people lived many thing and they do not want to learn something new . They do just that they have to such as sleeping , working , eating . The old people want to relax . Young people climb mountains to experince the feeling of affair because the feeling of affair is new for them . But an old man does not choose to climb a mountain . He can choose to sit in front of a sea and drink coffee . Young people are healthy and willing to learn new things . That ' s why they enjoy life more than older people . One day the young peple will be old ones and so they should enjoy now and relax in the future .
(HIN,high) I do not agree with the statement that the young poeple nowadays do not pay much attention to helping their communities . In times of urgent need , the young people are always on the forefront in helping others . It is true that the young people are nowadays are much more carefree than the previous generations . However , this does not mean that they are apathetic to the isssues concerning their communities . Take children for example . With the help of their school and parents , students are always known to conduct cleanliness and health awareness drives . Recently the children near my block were collecting donations from everyone in the suburb to help the old people of the country . The schools are playing a very vital role in encouraging the children to take such initiatives . Children as a part of their extra activities tend to go door-to-door creating awarensess about issues like proper usage of plastic , health and sanity , spread of diseases etc . The younger generation is also actively help their communities in case of emergencies . Due to increased use of technology , the younger generation is much more aware about the incidents all over the world . Youngsters tend to motivate people to act against unjust decision and rules through active responses . Recently my country was plagued by a huge earthquake rendering thousands starving and homeless . The help that the youngsters offered was tremendous . Thousands of young volunteers with foods and supplies arrived overnight to help those in need . All the student bodies in colleges and universities collected cash and kind to help the disaster stricken population . I know many friends who regularly volunteer to feed and cook for the poor . It is true that present generation has some flaws . It has become much more indifferent to political issues and developments . But taking into account all the factors , it would be unfair to generalise their behaviour as negligence .
(ARA,high) Nowadays life is tough and expensive and young people have a lot of responsibilies in their life . Depending on the economic system and depending on the country where they live , most of the young people have to study to get a diploma to be able then to find a job to earn money and be independant from their parents , so studying takes a lot of time and some of them need to work as well as to study , so it would be very hard to hep other or give time to the community . To stay healthy , most of the young people spend time in the gym or practicing sport outside and that will take an extra time . A small percentage of young people get engaged very early and maybe they have family to take care of so this will lead to lack of free time other than for the family members and for work , depending on the employment law , young people would need to work full time duty and would n't have time to help outside . when young people come from wealthy families , or depending on the family education they have , maybe these conditions will allow them to be helpful for their communities to improve the community they are living in , to help needy people , and each young person can participate with his personnal skillls and possibility for the best of all the community members . Everyone of us can be a active member to help others , because in that way we can be stronger ans life may look easier to us and to others and who knows , maybe oneday we will need help so we will be happy to find support from others . In my opinion , everyone can have little time to give to his community to improve our life and have a better future in our own country of citizenship or residency . As an active member in my community , and as a mother of 2 children , i can help others by giving little time for psycholgical support for needy persons and helping children to have their vaccinations updated , in that way i can help improve our life in the community
(TUR,medium) READY FOR EVERYTHING I do agree the statement that '' young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . Young people have more energy , they do not have much things to care only the time to play and also they are new to everything , while the older people do not have time and they care a lot for things and they already have known everything . First of all , young people have a lot of energy to spend . They can do whatever they want because there are very little things that can stop them . Only mothers or the sun set will stop their having fun . Even they get sick , they want to sleep in the street , not in the bed which is in the inside the house . Secondly , in the begining of the life young people do not have much things to care . They can do amazing jokes or harmfull actions to each other , but nobody will take those activities seriously because everyone know that those things is done to have fun not to harm or make sad the other people . Besides having energy for everything or having not much things to care , young people are new for everything . When they open their eyes to the world , they saw the world as a new place that have never discovered . So they want to discover the world and while discovering the world they learn new things which makes them not only happy and but also make them to go on discovering the world . Learning new things make life more better fot them and they enjoy in this better life . In conclusion , the world is waiting to be discovered by those young people because the place is new for them , they have energy and they care only to be happy . Being young , means starting a new adventure and every beginings of an advanture is more enjoyable than the endings .
(TEL,high) I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . The statement is true . Young people nowadays are very busy with their schedules . They do not have time to involve in the activities that help their communities . For example , my brother who is working as a software engineer is busy with his job working late nights on tasks assigned to him . So he doesn'thave that much time to engage himself for helping his community . The young people nowadays are lacking the sense of helping . Many people are thinking about what they get in return after helping their communities . For example , I met a young minister in our locality . He was very reluctant to help the community people because he thinks that he does n't get anything in return from them and its a meagre waste of granting funds to them . Although some young people are getting enough time to help others they are simply wasting their time . For example , my cousin who is a teacher , after returning from the school , simply wastes the remaining time just by idling or watching T.V . The current generations , particularly students are engrossed in their studies and sports rather than making an effort to help others . Some people are wasting their money by spending it on waste activities such as drinking , smoking etc . If they spend this money on helping their community it will be very useful for the people . some young people are in the mad race for acquiring lands . If they donate these lands to the homeless in the community , atleast they can build houses and provide shelter for themselves . Finally I conclude that helping his own community is the most essential function of young people . They should spare time for helping .
(TEL,medium) I rather agree and disagree with the statement that ` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities ' . Well it depends on the people on how they take the situation . Young people who are more enthusiastic towards forming a community can tend to help more . And they would rather give enough time to dedicate on helping their communities . On the other side , some of the people show less concern towards helping their communities . Perhaps they would be rather busy with their day-to-day activities . They would be more selfcentered and they would never even bother about helping their communities . It is not necessary for the younger people to dedicate much of the time helping their communities , infact a little amount of can help much better . Sideways poeple with positive views towards developing a community are more concerned to help their communties and dedicate their sufficient work to help them get the communities better . They will organise more effective programs to help their communities . They will arrange more and more effective plans to take their communities in a straight way . The young people should be motivated about helping their communities and effective programs are to be implemented to motivate people . Moreover some or more young people are more than enough for a community to develope . However formation of the communities helps most of the things to grow in a straight way . It will also give suggestions to most of the problems . Communities should be developed in such a way that they should drive the people 's attention towards them . They can do this by organsing some cultultural activities in some occassions . By doing so , most of the young people will be motivated to help their communities . So by all of the above points , not all young people are not concerned about helping their commodities . It depends on the people on how they are . And the activities taken by the communities which drive the attention of young people .
(ITA,medium) Is the world a circle ? It sure is . When the first cars appeared at the beginning of the 20th century , ( thanks to the great industrial revolution Europe was living ) it was such a phenomenon that in twenty / thirty years almost eighty per cent of the population had one . Nowadays , there are at least 2 cars ( if not even more ... ) per family : do we really need that many cars ? Definately not . In fact , in the past few years , the number of cars sold has largely reduced . And hopefully , from now on , it 'll reduce more and more . Personally I think this is because people have finally got the point that they 'd better spend their money on something else , maybe more useful and long-lasting . Someone might object that cars are useful and that is true , but it 's a need that can easily be replaced in several ways and for different reasons , first of all because of the pollution . Using public trasportation would have many benefits : the environment would take a breath and there would also be much less traffic . Exactly like with kids when they have a new toy ... they play all the time only with that specific thing just because it 's `` new '' . The same thing happens with adults . Years ago cars were new and not having one was a shame . Instead , now , not having a car is a sign of intelligence , a way of distinguishing ourselves in a selfish world of omologation where even dangerous or harmful things are used . So , in conclusion , the world is a cirlce , a huge chain with high and low points . Cars already had their moment of glory , but from now on , they have to leave the seat to something else . Till humans wo n't get tired of that , too ... ready to start the cirlce again ...
(KOR,medium) It is arguable that which is better to have broad knowledge of many academic fields or to have specific knowledge of one subject deeply . I agree that it is better to have broad areas of many academic subjects . In my case , I am studying international studies . International studies contains many areas such as international politics , international law , diplomacy , international political economy , peacekeeping , security , international organizations like the United Nations and foreign policies of many countries . I should know these all of areas , even I can not know deeply . Meanwhile some people believe that it is better to have specific knowledge in one subject insist knowing deeply in one subject is more important than knowing broadly , because if someone needs to master one area of studies , he/she should have backgrounds and history of this subject first , then start to absorb all chapter of this specific subject . In that someone can be said he/she is master of this subject . However , even people who believe that it is better to specialize in one specific suject , they should study outside areas of their subjects to need to understand their own subject easily . Moreover , the knowledge becomes clear after touching broad areas . Sometimes one or more theories can not be understood at once with these own theories . Those must be dealt with other theories from different fields . Basically , the most of studies are connected in similar areas , so it can not be considered and understood seperately . For instance , interior design , it is connected with arts and architectures . If interior designer does not aware the base of them subject , he/she can do his/her works . It means that designer should know about the colors and structures of buildings to achieve his/her works . To sum up , it is better to have wide knowledge of many academic subjects than specific knowledge , even it needs more deepen understanding sometime .
(JPN,medium) In my opinion , I would rather like students to learn facts more than understand ideas and concepts . I will describe why do I think so , and give an brief example in the following paragraph . Let me say we have some issue , for this essay . First of all , ideas and concepts are just surface of an issue , while facts are clarified matter . Also , ideas and concepts are sometimes people 's opinion or imagination which often unreliable , while facts are reality and truth . Those factors let me think ideas and concepts are less important than facts ; wchich ever contains details and truth are more valuable . To give an example , several years ago at Kyoto , Japan , there was a political meeting where President Bush refused to sign the issue of CO2 . Many countries were upset about it . In the argument , there were lots of defferent opinions and ideas which were criticizing or supporting President Bush . For some countries , they even changed their mind because of the President reaction . The fact in the was that the President did not sign the issue period . Fact never changes , but people 's ideas and concepts do . I do not say having one 's own concepts and ideas are not good . But when in the learning process , students need to know truths first before having their own opinion . I think it would be wonderful when a student has his own opinion based on the truth .
(FRE,medium) Some people ca n't travel without a perfect organization , without to know where they will be on each days and everything . To my point of view this is not the best way to travel . I prefer traveling by myself without a group let by a tour guide . There is many reason who explain this idea : first of all , it is more conveniant and you feel free to do what you want , secondly because you can be integrated to the culture and not only visit touristic place . On the first hand , when you are with a group led by a tour guide you know the program before to leave your country . You have no surprise and can not decide to change your plans . You do not have the possibility to like a place and want to spend more time because most of the time , you must look at you clock and follow the group . For example , when I was in Florida , in Miami , I decided to go with my friend to visit Key West . On the way to go , we get lost and , by the way , we discover other beautiful place that we would not be able to see with a tour guide . Then we spend one night in Key West as we planed to do but we really enjoyed the city and wanted to stay more . So we just did it , without any problems : we were totaly free to enjoy in our way . On the other hand , when you are with a tour guide , you most of the time only visit the touristic place and where everybody go . You see and visit what all the others see and visit and you are not able to know place that nobody know or where only the citizens go . Also , by traveling with a group , you only speak your own languages and you not have any possibilities to know and experiment about the other cultures . As an example , when I was in China , I met a girl who invite me for a dinner in her house . It would never happen with a tour guide because I should follow all the group . So because I was free to do what I wanted to do , I had a dinner with a traditional chinese family and it was such a great experience ! To conclude , when you have the possibility to travel by yourself , without any help , it is better to do it without a tour guide : you are free and even if you get loose , you will learn a lot about the culture . So lets go and for your next holidays : be your own tour guide !
(HIN,high) I personally agree with the statement that `` It is important to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' . cause it is enough for a student to understand the ideas and concepts . According to me , as a student , it is more important to have a clear idea and concepts of a topic rather than going for the facts . The students should get a clear idea and grip on the topic so that he can know the things well . students should first learn the things from their lecturers and then should have a knowledge on the particular subject , so gaining knowledge is really very important in building one 's carrier . so the students should carefully follow the instructions given by the lecturer in order to understand all the concepts . For example , when i was doing my 10th class , i was very much interested in learning the facts rather than the subject . I allways use to spend time on finding out the facts and concentrated very less on the concept of the topic , as a result i got a poor grade in my acedemics . so after this my teacher advised me to understand the ideas and the concepts than to understand the facts . I followed the instructions given by the teacher , and performed very well in the next exams . so its really important to have the knowledge of the subject than the knowledge of the facts . so as i experienced personally , i can surely say that the student should have ideas and concepts of the topics . Being a student its more than enough to get the knowledge of the particular subject , and under standing the concept of that particular subject than searching for facts .. so , i personally feel as a student , that understanding the ideas and the concepts is more important than to learn the facts .
(HIN,medium) I do agree with the point that `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . At this point of time I would like to cite a very famous song ' We will rock you ' that proves to me that youth is full of energy , zeal , mischiefs and livlihood . These all makes a young person excited and make him ready to take on the world . When a girl or boy reaches a stage to be called young then his / her parents start giving freedom to them which they welcome and like most . When they do not work or get married they depend on their parents and study for their aim . This makes them full of enthusiasm which old people lacks as they had already been to a stage where they can not think of making their career and becomes dispirited . In young days one has lot many friends to play with , to roam , watching movies and sharing their views which most of the time a person in old age miss . Parties , sports , gossips , food and excursions are all part of the life in young days . With old age people start loosing their body strength and they get overloaded with resposibilities which youngs never care in their time . An earning old person have to think about his family before taking dicisions . He has to abide of the state laws of tax and has to pay attentions to their youngs for their future . They need to laid the foundations for the life of their childrens . Young people work for the things they want and when they achieve they find themselves much more happy than anyone else . When they reached in their professional life they start earning and with the money they purchase the things which they thought of in childhood . So young people have an advantage to enjoy life more than anyone else and the reason lies behind the freedom and very few resposibilities . But as these resposibilities their actions gets affected with them and their freedom starts decreasing . With age they become resposible and seroius with very less enjoyment in life .
(ITA,medium) A broad knowledge is very important in human being because it permits to have a general background off many things that involve our life . In my opinion a broad knowledge should be the first thing that we have to reach . After this , we can specialize in the specific subjet that we prefer . I also think that we ca n't choose our way without knowing several subjects , because it is very difficult to know what we like whitout trying it . This is also the way that the school is organized . During our first years of school we study general themes such as history , literature , mathematics etc. that give us a wide formation . When we continue our studies we more and more specialize in a subject . In fact at university there are a lot of specific subjects and lack of general ones . I think that this is well done because today the jobs are very specialized and industry for example need specialized people to reach some important projects . I can give an example of my university : I study engineering and in I saw that a project always involves a lot of aspects of studying , so it 's very important Another important point is that today 's work is often organized in teams composed by various specialized people . These teams can surely do something more because anyone gives his better qualitys . But we can forget that the general things learnt in first years of school form us like men outside the job . A general known is important in everyday life . In conclusion I think that is very important have a broad knowledge of many acadenic subjects but this have to be the start point for specialize in what we love . And first of all we always have to remember that we will never finish to learn !
(FRE,medium) In our consumptive society , advertising is a mean used by firms to sell their products . That is why they may sometimes made their products seem much better than they really are , but consumers have to be responsible .. In fact , advertisement is the way to inform consumers about a new product . However , firms aim at making benefits and so , at selling most of their products . They use advertising as a way to sell them . That is why their products are embodied by glamourous and beautiful people . If we think a little about it , we can sell an ordinary product , whereas our concurrent same product is said to be miraculous or exceptionnal . For example , if we are the President of L'Oreal , we will not say that our make-up is just a good product , but we will hire Julia Roberts to represent our brain and to say that she can not live without it . That is how advertising works . However , we live in this consumptive society , for many years now and we are accustomed to these strategies . All consumers know that they do not often buy a real phenomenal product and they have to be careful on these advertisements and not to believe everything told . Children and specially teenagers have to become aware of these dangers , or they will quickly spend all of their money . Many associations have been founded in France and in other countries to fight against advertising . They act in writting on all the advertisements located in the Metropolitan . Nobody knows how many they are , but they aim at stopping advertisment expansion . To conclude , I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , but consumers also have to be stronger than advertising power . Advertising is known for this particularity and we ca n't stop people to believe in this lies .
(ITA,medium) I believe that young people enjoy life more than old people for several reasons . Young people have more energy to spend becase thay are in good shape and they do n't have any physical problem . They can practice any tipe of sport and spend hours outdoor playing with their friends . They have a lot of free time due to the fact that they do n't work and that they do n't have to look after any kids . During this free time they can go aut to bars , pubs or disco and meet new friends . In addition to this they can also meet a girlfriend or a boyfriend and having romantic dinners . Young people do n't have problems with moneys because they can always ask to their parents if they need them . Using the parent 's money they can buy a sail boat for the summer in order to enjoy the sea during the summer or they can buy a pair of ski for the winter time . During the summer school vacations they can also travel around the world using airplains or boats . They can , for example , organize a tour of all the main towns of Europe . In every town they can try different restaurant , go to see concerts and drink all night long . When they are at home they can use internet to buy several items , meet new people and create their personal website . Unfortunatelly they do n't spend part of their energy to help old people even if they know that in fourty years they are going to be old too .
(KOR,high) Sometimes , what people believe to be a fact turns out to be wrong , and many people are astonished by it ; however , their notions toward the fact are less likely to be changed . It is because their minds are already hardened to accept the new information . Therefore , what people must learn is the concepts and ideas of the fact , not just the fact itself ; since it offers them more flexible mind , the ability to accept the foreign ideas to them , and a broad perspective . History itself asserts the power of the ideas and concepts . For example , the fact that the sea water does not freeze is proved wrong by Napoleon . In most cases , it does not freeze , yet there was a historical event that showed the exact opposite . Napoleon was the figure who knew the power of ideas and concepts : he broke the dam to invade Netherland ; the breakage of the dam created a very sound lake made by the sea water ; and when the winter came , the lake froze . The army of Napoleon could invade Netherland easily . Therefore , it is more important to know the concepts and ideas to apply in real world than to know a single fact . Also , the students are likely to have more flexibility when they understand the ideas and concepts , since they can apply their knowledge to a variouds range of studies . For example , a person knows about the way earth moves during the earthquake , then he can adapt that knowledge to construction in order to build a earthquake-resistence building . It is important to point out that it is not his ability to know as many informations as possible ( knowing facts ) but it is his knowledge and understanding of a certain matter , in other word , understanding ideas and concepts . In conclusion , it is much more beneficial to understand
(GER,high) In my opinion , the statement `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' is absolutely true . It may depend on the product , how much influence the advertising campaigns have - but for most products in consumer markets it is true . Let 's have a look at an example : There 's a commercial for chocolate on German television . That chocolate is delivered in golden paper and is a litte bit more expensive than all the other available products . Now what would be an appropriate commercial for that product ? Right - a man looking like James Bond , having a party in the back garden of his huge expensive house and beeing accompanied by beautiful young girls . And that 's exactly what that whole advertising campaign is like . But why does it have to be like that ? No one would want to buy that product if they saw ordinary people - for instance an elderly couple sitting on their couch - on television , eating that chocolate . As stated above , it 's nearly the same with all kind of consumer products : computers , cars , beer , even razor blades or tooth paste . To be honest - nearly all kind of razors blades are the same , there is no unique selling proposition . So the companies use the advertisements to make the difference . You can see a well shaped guy shaving his mustache and his young girl friend watching him . Or they tell you that the new Wilkinson shaver has now four razor blades instead of three . The commercial on TV tells you , that you must have that shaver because it has four razors - no need to prove that it 's really an advantage to have four razors instead of three . What 's used to make those products much better than they actually are are emotions . That specific beer shown on TV must taste better than the others - you are like those wild guys who are having fun in the commercial . Since that new SUV is standing on the top of a big hill in that advert , it must be better than the old model that you 're driving at the moment . May be - may be not ! But the fact that you see that certain picture produces desire for that product . Even when the SUV shown on the picture is n't any better at all - it looks much better than all the others do . And that 's exactly why most companies make their products appear much better in advertisements than they are in reality : It 's working !
(KOR,low) I 'm agree with `` Young people nowdays do not given enough time to helping their communities '' . Developing of computer has brought many bad effects . Also recentiy , many electric products has been it , too . i 'm afraid thesdays many teenger hav n't conversation in the school , at home . So their parents are sympath . For example their authority fell down for a longtime ago . We should be many effort for authority 's recover . We have a plan to teach them what is correct or incorrect . Ethinic education is importan , too . In the school our teacher must teach what is the important their communities with their develorp and succeed in the future . What a suprising that do not communities . Eventually nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their communities is concern
(JPN,medium) Recent days my parents often ask me , `` So , what do you want to study in an university ? '' Whenever this question stands in front of me , I ca n't even say a ward to answer it , but instead just stand there deligently and deeply considering what I really want to learn for endless time . In some of the universities , they do n't ask to choose major but they give an oppotunity for students to take any subjects they want to . However I do n't want belong to it . I personally think that the knowing and specializing in one specific subject is much important because there are a lot of disadvantages of trying to have broad knowldege of many academic subjects . Firstly , it is impossible to put all knowledge in the world in people 's small brain in such a short amount of life that we have given . Human 's history is surprisingly long , and every new facts and information were found by people at that time . Besides information and knowledge are always changing and increasing as time passes by . As a result , the sum of those knowledge , which were found and will be found , are a lot and anybody ca n't input them in the brain less than a decade we got . Furthermore , there are a lot of people who ca n't get job that they expect and become a unemployment . One of the reason of this is because they have spread their views too wide and have n't focused on what they can really good at . Even though they have broad knowledge , but it 'll be useless when it comes to reality since when people are getting job , they have to specialize what the specific job they work for . To conclude , I believe that specializign in one specific subject is considerabely essential for people 's life since knowing as much as they can on many academic subjects is impossible . Nobody is good at every subjects , however it is true that everybody has certain subject that they can do better than others do .
(KOR,medium) Do you have a child if you are married ? If you do , do you think which one is better ? The children is very smart . But , he does n't study at all because he really likes helping his communities . The other children is not smart . But , after all , he enters the company which is the most famous one in the world . If I have a child , I want him or her to focus on his work when they 're suppose to study their own work . That is definitely true . Therefore , young people should focus on their work . I have two reasons why this is very important for them . To begin with , young people have a duty of education . When I was young , one of my friends was very kind to everyone , even bad students . Also , he was a member of community for the poor . We thought he would be great person in the future . However , it was just our thought . Nowadays , he is have a hard time living his life with his parents because he has no job , even could n't go to the college . That means that we have to do our duty when we have a duty . If we do n't do our duty , someday it 'll bring a bad situation to them like the above case . In addition , actually , young people are not suppose to have a extra time for their communities . It sounds very strict and miserable , however it is obviously true , espeically in South Korea . I saw the article about it yesterday . They talked about most young people attend more than three institutes such as English , the Piano , the madthmatics and etc . The interesting is that most of them have been going to be able to enter the best college . That 's why most parent want their children to attend lots of private classes include regular class of school . Finally , what do you think about my opinion ? I think that you ca n't agree with this . However , people should know about somehing like follow things . If a person did their work well when a person was young , someday this person will be success . Then , they can help thieir communities and their society . That is not late because it will be already great job . Thank you for reading / Byunguk Kim
(ARA,high) To predict what will happen in twenty years from now is a hard thing to do . However , I must say that I disagree with the statement that states that in twenty years there will be fewer cars then there are today . I disagree for many reason I find reasonable . Everyday our world changes in a way or another . We experience changes in the world and those changes can affect us in various ways . Because the world has changed radically over the past hundred years more jobs are provided and more people are getting really involved with this development . As a result , speed became a very important matter in an individual 's life . Since , more work is needed to be accomplished by an individual now than it probably was before and in a shorter amount of time , an individual might find himself or herself in need for shortcuts and methods than makes his or her life easier . When we go to our jobs or schools or anywhere else we usually try to save time and reach there as quickly as possible . The most popular method of doing that is driving a vehicle or being driven in a vehicle . More and more people are finding themselves in great need of a car . In some families , more than just one car is neccessary . So , if you go into a house of a family consisting of six members for example , you will most probably find two cars or even more . In some families both the parents could have jobs and therefore , each one of them needs his or her own car . Another reason is that people have more chances of buying a car or even more today , which is because so many car companies make it easy for customers . Those companies allow customers to pay only a part of the price of a car throughout a specified period of time . With people getting busier by the day and chances of buying a car increasing , and speed becoming such a vital thing , I believe that in the next twenty years cars will not only not decrease , but they will increase and the numbers of cars will sore .
(FRE,medium) I am not quite agreed with this statement because we can not be so radical . It seems like all the young people would not help enough their communities . I recognize that some teenagers tend to be lazy and people would like them to provide more efforts but it is unfair to say that everybody acts this way . Now if we focuse on the vocabulary used in the statement , one word retains my attention : nowadays . Implicitly it would mean that they were helping more their communites in the past . That can be true . If we go back in time , we would realize that our life style was quite different from this we have today . People was more helpfull , they spend more time together . Now young people are more independant . I am wondering what communities refers to ; to the family , to school , to friends ? Young people use to spend more time with their friends than with their relatives . In that case , I can understand the point of view of the person who wrote the statement . Now if we talk on a mondial level , I think that young people are interested in helping communities abroad . I read an article in a magazine whitin they explain that more and more young adults would like to take part in worldwide exchange programs such as Humanitary Help in South America . They stay in for example Peru to give free English lessons to children in primary school who cannot afford to have an acade ; ic education because of their poverty . I think that young people give time to helping their communities in some ways that other people , maybe , can not see at first sight .
(SPA,medium) is better to have knowledge but is more better apecialize in some anything bacause in the live have benn see to from not back in the live is better take the oportunity what have . is important specialize in anything what be the oportunity bacause the world open yours doors and we must take the firs oportunity and thisis importan because the future depended the dessicion what take in this momet the this dessicion the people can say what have a future surge for example . I can take the dessicion the was the major player or ingenir of Venezuela this way is longer and is more dificult but have the bonus , If i have a famili my famili could life a normal live and they could have the chois of dessicion to take the oportuniti of specialize or not but is nesesari take the oportuniti because for exampel . I do n't take the oportuniti to have anything i have nothing because the hard work and hard study is the goal to find the way of the good persons take . By other hand the people what not posibiliti the take the oportuniti or not have the recurse to take the oportunity the spacialize they are persons that have the work the dobel in comparation of other people . in conclusion i think that the oportunitis in the lives is present in a lot of moments and this moments the people must take the oportuniti and this is the chance what have to change your future or not .
(ITA,medium) The issue stated by the topic is wheter or not in twenty years there will be fewer cars than today . I believe that it is impossible to have less cars that today . One reason i believe that will not be fewer cars is because to have a car means to be indipendent , and who want not be indipendent ? i mean that in a normal family evreyone want to have a car , for instance a car is necessary fot the husband to go to work , another car is necessary to the wife to go either to work and make shopping , and we cannot forget sons or daughters . So the situation is very prevedible , if everyone want a car , the number of these cars wiill increase in the future . Another reason i think there will be more cars in the future because a car is looked like a stutus symbol . For example who has a expensive and sportive car , like Ferrari , wants to show to other people that he or she is a rich man or woman . another reason i think that there will be more cars is that today as in the future there is the opportunity to chose your favourite car , i mean that there are a lot of kind of cars and a lot of brands . Automotive factory are trying to satisfy customers needs with specific kind of cars and give to them the possibility to chose almost everything in a car , for example the colour and the material of the seats , the colour of the whole car , and also the model of the engine : diesel or not . As we can see people can obtain its whises realized and often without paying a lot for a car . In conclusion in the future the number of cars wiil be higher than now , because peole need to be indipendent and choosing a customized car is not anymore difficult .
(SPA,medium) It is possible to use fewer cars than we use today ? Can we stop ussing the car ? There are two different answers for these questions , yes or no . In one hand we can say that in twenty years we will use less the car because it will come a day in which every road , every city and every country will be colapsed because of the cars . It will be so full of cars that I am sure that the air will be black because of the polution . There are more causes that we can say that argue this idea , cars consume a lot of petrol and petrol is not eternal , so they we have to invent new car models without the necesity of using petrol . I am sure that they will invent them but not in twenty years now . In the other hand we have that we will use more cars than the ones we use now , Could this be possible ? Yes . Nowadays the media is to have more than one car for each person , something really hard to believe , because , how wants more than one car ? I do not know but it is the truth . If we still buying more than one car , or if we buy only one car for each person , definately , in twenty years we will use more cars than we do today . I have to say that I fell like fear if I start to think this because we could not go anywhere anyway , I mean , there will be so many cars that we could not go by car because it will bw colapsed , and we could not go walking because it will be poluted , so What can we do ? The main problem is that we have not got any solution . We cannot oblige anybody not to go by car and go walking , but we can try to use the car as less as possible , for example , going four only in one car instead of going in four cars or something like that . To conclude , I have to said that we have to find solutions to this problem if we want to live in a place with pure air and without a lot of noise and accidents , using less the car will cause less accidents .
(SPA,medium) I am totally agree with this statement , I think that always the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are and this is because that is the intention of the advertisements . An advertisement of a product is created to make people to buy the product , so it must show that the product is the best product that you can buy among others products . In this way , if an advertisement of a product does not make the product to seem a good product , it is not a good advertisement . On the other hand , an advertisement must tell the true about the product that it is trying to sell . If for example an advertisement of an mp3 player says that the devices have 512 Mb of capacity and it actually have only 256 Mb the advertisement is lieing about the features of the device and this is against the law . So , what I want to say is that I agree with the statement but only if it referes to advertisements that not lie about the characteristics of the product . I think that is totally correct to do an advertisement that make the product seem much better than it really is but always if this is make by telling the true to the potencial customers . An other examples of advertisements that always make the product seem better than it really is , are the ones of food . When you go to a restaurant they show you pictures a plate and you look at it and you feel that it is really taste and that you are going to enjoy it very much , but then when you buy the plate you realized that it was not that taste . To conclude , I think that nowadays television and internet is full of advertisements thar make products seem much better than they really are , but it is not a bad thing because that is why the advertisements are for
(HIN,high) I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Instead , I feel its the other way round . Its the old peole who have an opportunity to enjoy their lives rather than the young ones . There are various reasons which justify my position . First , a young guy would always have a lot to think . He would be worried about his career . He knows its a crucial time for him which shall shape his future . He spends most of his time planning and thinking . A lot of his effort goes into this . Since , an old person would be through with this phase of his life , he will not have any tensions related to career as such . He has achieved what he wanted to and could now enjoy his success . Secondly , when a person is young he 's knows that he has to take care of his family . He knows he is the bread earner . This fact of life does n't allow him to savor his youth . He spends his time working in offices or runninng businesses to cater to his familiy 's needs . On the other hand older people donot have to work . They have retired and free to enjoy their lives . Third , a young person is still learning to survive in the world . He does n't have all the wisdom and exerience to deal with the difficult situations which an older person would have . From childhood to youth , he learns how to adjust , deal with relationships and handle pressures . For the young , the life is full of hardships and he 's learing to find his way through . Forth , its a time when a person gets married . It 's said , a right marriage can make you and a wrong one can destroy . The person need to develop that level of maturity and understanding to deal with his spouse . He does compromises , making it a not so easy life for him . On the other hand , having lived so many years together , older people have developed that understanding . This leaves them with a good partner to enjoy their lives with . Undoubtely , according to me , when a person is young he 's building a platform for his older life . A platform on which when he grows old , he can live and relish life and can enjoy things which he missed when he was young .
(GER,medium) Yes this is a statement what is usually expressed by persons of the older generation ! I generally disagree with the statement that the young generation do not help there communities . Ok there might be some cases were young people have a little bit forgotten there community . But if you look at the bigger picture this is not the case . Young people are very much engaged in ther social surrounding and they are trying to help where they can . Maybe the view discribed in the statement has occured because of differing standpoints . Persons of older generations may have a different definition of what your community is . Today in a globalized world the community has broarded a lot . Possibly your community can exist on many diffent places . If you help then in your community it might not be obvirus to a person who looks just on one spot . I believe that all these young people who leave there country to help in a country of the third world consider this place far away from home also as there community . Another thing what makes it today more difficult to measure the amount of help you offer to your community is the factor that it is more common to help or e.g. to do some social work in your community . In the past e.g. environmental protection was a quite new experience for the society as a whole . Therefore persons who fought for environmental protection in there community might have been much more visible for others . Today such things are normal and everybody expects them to be there . Meaning that persons who believe that young people do not help in there community should redirect there focus to the changed world of today . Ok there still is one point to consider . Today competition in education is much bigger than in the past . Therefore it could happen that some young persons are simply to busy to help in there community . But generally this is not the case .
(ITA,medium) I think that every people have to take fun from the life ( young people and old people ) . Could be different factor that can give more fun to a young people but not to a old people . For example usually young people have more time to enjoy but old people have less time to enjoy . We can see that watching the job life of the life of a young people respect a job life of a old people . Usually older people have less time respect a young people because a older people have a hard job that take a big part of the time in a day . A young people usually do n't have a job that take a big time of the day . That is one of the reason , but we can watch other factor . For example a young people usually have n't a wife or soons , but a older people usually have a wife , some soon and that is another factor that let less time to a old people to enjoy . Infact a old people that have a family prefer to spend some time with his wife and with his soon going out or stayng at home . A young people usually have a girlfriend but not a wife and that is an important difference between a older people ( with family ) and a youger people ( without a serius family but only with his girlfriend ) . That is to say that usually a young people has less problem respect a older peolple . Infact a young people has n't big problem but a older has proble to resolve as for example pay the car , pay the house , pay the energy ecc .. But in all of this topyc there is one think to say that is the follow think : every people can fell inside two part of himself . A yonger part when you has n't big problem and older part that slowly increase inside you when you became a people with family and with other interes form when he was young when the problem could be only the school or the girlfriend or other little proble respect the proble that you know when you became older .
(GER,high) The utmost intention of school lessons is to provide the pupil with the sufficient understanding and knowledge that they can make their way in the sometimes rough and high demanding world . This suggests that pepole learn to get along with problems coming up and they should thereby retain the things they learned during school time . As the issues in your life differ quite much from those examples which an average pupil learns at school , I highly agree with the statement that it is more important to learn concepts and ideas rather than to retain simple facts . I will highline my reasons to believe this in the following passages . First off , as I already mentioned above it is highly likely to face a situation it which you are demanded to apply your knowledge on different topics . Therefore the understanding of ideas and underlying schemes is crucial . As an simple example there are signs and rules you ought to have learned during acquiring the drivers licence . Other countries obey different traffic rules but maybe use the same signs . So you are able to adjust to the new challenges and go along with the traffic ideas . Secondly , understanding ideas broadens your mind and challenges it simultanouesly . You are much more likely to see connecting and corresponding points in an interdisciplinar matter and thus you are able to gain quicker insight into new fields or topics . This can elevate your understanding of miscellainious issues . At third , understanding ideas and concepts may constitute the basis and platform for vital discussions among students . If you have gained the crucial point of what a topic is all about you are able to exchange thoughts and can thereby help others to apprehend the problem or even take benefit for yourself by reconsidering your own opinion . Overall I am a strong believer in the didactic target to catch the ideas rather than to retain pure facts . By shaping the peoples mind this method is much more effective to prepare students to find their way in the challenging world . It may be that due to this assumption this concept is the underlying structure and principle of all sophisticated schools .
(ITA,medium) I personally agree with the fact that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I may say that this aspect of our contemporary society is not due to the selfish behaviour of new generations ; there is something deeper that can explain this situation . We belong to the internet era ; everything is flowing , everything is moving very quickly . The society and its way of living have changed a lot from the 20th century : nowadays people have less time for themselves and so for the others . Although helping poor and needy people and other remarkable activities are still commom in our communities , very few young people do that , just because they are not educated to ; the will to help their own communities is something that young people have to find inside themselves and only their parents can help them in this . To sum up I might say that every era in history has its own children . The globalisation era has been making the world like a big total town ; everything is near or it seems to . In this situation we can understand why a little community may not catch the attention of young people ; they are sons of the world and they might find difficult to look at it from the perspective of a little town .
(KOR,medium) There are many people understand ideas and concepts but they do n't know what they are . The student have to do what they are from doing To learn facts is better than to understand ideas and concepts for students . Here are some reasons to support my idea . First of all , There is a soccer ball . Everyone knows what to do with the ball . If there is two people that person Awho has naver played soccer ; however knows the soccer ball very well , and person B has experiences to play soccer but , he does n't really know about the ball . Person B knows about a soccer ball because he has learned facts to play . Person A knows about the ball ; however , he does n't know how to play because he only has ideas . Second of all , there is a blind , and he understand to play soccer . However , he has never seen it and played . The blind has ideas ; however , the ideas is not worth because he has naver done . To do what he thinks will make the blind to learn playing soccer . Third of all , there are students in the classroom and a professor is giving a lecture . The professor makes students understand ideas and concepts ; however , the students do n't know what they are because of no experiences from the ideas . Finally , there is a Korean adverb which is `` To do once is better than to listen to ideas . '' According to the adverb , even if a person had ideas , there would be nothing before doing things . Therefore , he will learn what the ideas are . In conclusion , I believe that to learn facts is better than to understand ideas and concepts . I 'm writing an essey with learning facts . If I only understood the ideas of writing , I would never write anything .
(SPA,high) People always have liked to travel , but there are two principal ways to do that , travel in a group led by a tour guide or travel alone . Both ways have advantages and disadvantages . When people travel in a group , they have to follow all the instructions of the tour guide . They have to start and finish the experience at the same hour , and if somebody does not like the rule , he can not do anything for achieve his wish . There is no freedom . For example , in the Rome 's tour , there is not time to visit all the places in the city , the tour only visits the Coliseum and The Vatican . However , if you like the speech from the tour guide , you can enjoy the experience a lot , because you do not have to look for the interesting sites and its history or its data , the tour guide provides it them to you . This way to travel is so easy and comfortable . Altough many people prefer the way to travel alone , because they do not have to follow another group . They decide all that they will do by themselves . They use a map , a tourists book or the advices of some friends . They visit all the places that they want and stay there one day or one year . In this way to travel you can spent your time or your money in your deepest wishes , your doubts about some places and cultures or attending your necessities . In my opinion , I think that it is the best way to travel , because I have the freedom to chose what site I will visit , what food I will eat , what time I will spent and at what hour I will wake up and I will start my experience . For example , I want to visit Quintana Roo but the group led by a tour guide probably visit Cancun in the morning not either Tulum in the midnight .
(FRE,medium) In our days , the young people seem to be concerned only by themselfes . Between helping their community ortake care about themselfes , their choice is usually the same : do what they enjoy . But people should not sometimes do things that they do not enjoy doing ? Do not the society provides also this behaviour ? In our days , the society is one of leisure . The most important thing is to have fun when you can do it during the sparetimes . Young people live in another world , a world where everithings is possible and where everythings have to be funny . As many adult do , young people do not take care about their environnement and also about the other people . But it is an especially behaviour of young people or it is the most part of the population who do that ? For me the probleme comes from the mentality . They have changed . Before we did not refused to help our neighbours and moreover that was perfectly normal . Now , if somebody does that , it is like an miracle . Why this change ? Maybe due to the new dream of the life witch is to know the happiness or maybe it is only a losing of the closness between people hat we had . Many possibilities are true but i thing the most importante one is that we changed into a society where we are more lonely and we do not like who we do not know Thus , I agree that young people do not give enought time to think about something else than them . Although the conditions of living have changed as the mentality , I thinkit will be very harmful to become to individual .
(TUR,medium) Today , when we look at our environment we can see many cars than old years we could see . I disagree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . In passing years , it is observed that the number of cars is increasing fastly . I want to focus on reasons to increase cars . First reason that population is getting growth . Many people start to use their individual cars . All families buy cars to their children or young people buy car by ownself . For example , in Turkey many families who have 3 or 4 members have at least 3 cars . However , many companies start to improve theirselves . They use many cars for their jobs , especially for sales and marketing . They should sell or do their job by cars . Another reason , cars are always seems people very comfortable . All people want to have a car . Cars are comfortable because , you can go wherever you want , you do not have problems like missing busses and being late to school or job . You are free in a car , because it is yours you can listen to music highly . Although another transporters are produced or government makes some campaign for their costs , pesple do not use these transporters such as trains , buses ... etc . Moreover , government costs much money to produce new highly technology vehicles for transporters . These are tried by people but it is not used in much time . Also , there were many accidents when they were tested . New high tecnology vehicles are comfotable but not like a car . Beacuse these vehicles are community , common used . the comfortable of these vehicles can not like cars . In conclusion , in twenty years or thirty years , there will be always increasement of cars . People produce comfortable and good technological cars also good anoth
(ARA,medium) To success in this life , we have to do all what is possible and sometimes even the impossible . I agree that successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well because the evolution of our life requires this . To be a succeful person you should be tenace and lucky . Suppose you are tenace , you work with patience and perseverance furthermore you need luck to success but luck is under control . To success you need time and favorable conditions , our life becomes more and more rapide and the evolution of humankind will not wait until you arrive to your goal , therefore to go with the prevailing movement you are obliged to take som risks and to try new things . In fact many systems and many methods were , for thier inventors , just a try or a risk at the beguinig , now they are accurate and subect of reference . Their owners were couragous . In other words , you should be couragous and ready to the all consequences of this act . However its not easy to take a risk or try a new thing , you have no idea about what will happen and the consequences may be dangerous , but as I said before you hjave to try and take risk if you want success .
(KOR,medium) The speaker said that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . I totally agree this point . to support this point , we must investigate the main features of modern society , especially the effect of a television . The most imprtant invention of modern techology is the television . With the advent of TV , the advertisement has a greater effects on TV than newspapers and magazines . Today 's people rely on TV in order to get more information around the world . We can just see the TV screen without any efforts . It is so easy ! And the transmittance of information on TV is very fast to keep pace with the change of the world . Our techology could be possible to change the world very fast . Seeing the screen means that we could be easily effected by image . Most advertisement should show their most things within a very short time . So they must try to emphasize their goods for people seeing many ad . There is the reason that many advertisements like to use the specific images . People cannot remember the name of a product , some remember the very advertisement of the product . This effects bring to the results of reproducing the more products by many factories . Some people said like that ; the human is the being who can think reasonally . Well , I have no intention to deny this definition . With this kind of men 's character , we can improve our level of life . But sometimes we should keep this definition in mind . Human has also a very emotional character . We can find the good example such as several war in world history . People can be easily affected by the visual things . We can easily judge a person by the image that he ( or she ) showed in the first meeting . Many advertisement also have a
(TUR,medium) I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Companies want make money form those products so they try to show better than they really are . Companies use techonology to create a good advertisements for their products . They use colors , images , ext . which attract people to buy those products . Advertisement is a important isue to sell products . Good advertisements have advantages for products which is advertise . In the advertisements , they try to show products much better than they really are . They use visiual things or they use sounds to make the advertisement more colorful . Most of the time , those things attract people to buy those products which has a increadible advertisement . For example , my father bought a sprey for his car . In this sprey 's advertisement , they show a red BMW car which has some spots on it is cleaned with this sprey perfectly and also in the advertisement they show some references for that sprey . My father 's car has some same spot too and my father belive that advertisement and these references and he decided to buy that products shown in that advertisement . This sprey did not work on my father 's car . It caused to change colors where he used it on the car . when he searchen why it did not work he figured out that sprey not used for all spot occured on the car , but in the advertisement , they do not warn you that what kind of spot is ok for this sprey . Advertisements use to introduce the product to the public . They try to show the product much better than they are . Because of that kind of advertisements people get wrong idea about products most of the time . By advertisements , companies want make more money so they can use all techonogical ways to attract people to buy their products , but this kind of advertisement do not make their product better but they make money for sure .
(JPN,medium) I agree that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts as one of the students in the University . When the professors teach us something new in the class , we learn the facts and then understand ideas and concepts of it . It is not enough just knowing the facts . Therefore , it is important to pay attention what the professors say because they always add some detail and specific examples to support the facts , which is very helpful for us to understand . When we take the exam , there are not only the questions which ask about the definition of the facts . Some question will ask more detail things , for example , asking what this fact influences our behaviors or our lifes . It means that we should understand not only the facts but also the ideas and the concepts . I will give another example which is out of the class . When I had an American roommates at the Universtiy , the difference of the culture affected my behavior and lifestyle . I knew the fact that culture is different between Japan and the United States . However , it is not enough information to share the room with the American firends . Most Japanese take bath at night while American take bath at morning . We have to settle the time which does not bother each other . Most Japanese value the group harmony while American value individual and it also affect my life style . When we Japanese have a roommate , we try to make good friendship even though she is not good person because we are roommates . On the other hand , American do not try to make good frindship if she does not like her roommate . She avoid talking with her roommate because she value only herself . I am sure that this situation does not describe all American ; however , I and my most friends experience this kind of situation . It is important to know not only the fact that there are some differences between the culture of Japan and that of America but also what are the differences and how it affects each other . That is the importance of und
(TEL,high) I agree to the claim that it is indeed important for students to understand the basic ideas and fundamental concepts of any science rather than just learning the facts . Observing the facts is just like a surfacial phenomenon . Only , when we penetrate through the existing reality of the subject and understand its inmost charecteristics through analysis of observed ideas an concepts , then only we can correctly map them to the existing facts . Understanding ideas and concepts is nothing but a sort of research . Thus , we can redefine our knowledge on the subject and find out the innovations and possible ways to utilize it for our use . If we just concentrate on facts , then sometimes we may just get carried away with our erroneous conclusions . Only , through understanding its fundamental features we can analyse it 's basic nature and can put forth satisfying theory that works well with observed fact . Mankind had progressed significantly most of the time through understanding the ideas and concepts relating to the subject rather than learning facts . Ofcourse , facts too have their significance , but only analysis of the subject will make progress in that field . For an example , lets take the field of VLSI ( Very Large Scale Intergrated Circuits ) . Only through the understanding the concepts behind it made significant chnages in it field . Onbody can really look into the Integrated Chip and learn how it works . Only , through a thourough analysis of ideas and concepts we can actually fabricate a chip . In this case we have no scope to observe the fact rather than understanding it . The main reason for supporting to understanding the ideas and concepts is , then only the students will have complete idea about how the fact will actually take shape . Then , they can plan for innovations and alterations in it . Thats how the concept of research arises . Only through research have progressed to this extent . By understanding the basic concepts and learning , analysing facts will become automatic . But , the converse is not true always . The first one will prompt for further research while the later , just give a dry understanding . The basic nature of a research is nothing but understanding and thouroughly analyse the ideas and concepts . Which ultimately boosts the progress of that field . Especially , when it comes to the students it is their responsiblity to understand what they study and if possible bring out the best innovations out of the existing ones . Learning a fact is mere acquision of some knowledge regarding that which often have lesser importance when compared to understanding the concepts and analysing through ideas . So , I conclude that it really important for the students to understand ideas and concepts reather than to learn the facts as it motivates them to for research and come out with excellent enhancements and new developments . Ofcourse , learning fact is important , but it is of lesser importance when compared to understanding the ideas and concepts .
(HIN,medium) A person could excel in only one thing . God has provided us just by one brain . The brain could concentrate only at one point at a particular moment . It would be better to be focussed on a single point than to be whimsical . Moreover , the master blaster Sachin Tendulkar is the good example . Inspite of sorrounding by controversies , he has always been focussed to the sports . Further , Stephen Hawking , the well known scientist have always been dreamt about the astronomy . Furthermore , Bill Gates have talked about the computers . They have reached to certain standards and have became an icon for the youth because of their single goal . One need to be stronghold to achieve a goal . However , there have been people who have done plenty of the things . Though , to live in the cut-throat competition , we are expected to know the certain things . Nevertheless , Imran Khan was a good sportsman but now he is a politician . Amitabh Bachachan who has done economics and now he is the celebrity and even the ambassador of many products . They have shown to the world that they have been the all - rounder . A one need to have the knowledge of the politics to the academics to survive in this world . At the end , a person need to have a unique destination to accomplish it . However , it is rather difficult for the people to be masters of all . A person in higher school considers one specific subject to specialize in that . An engineer could only be engineer and a doctor could be doctor . Further , it is not an easy job to play several parts . One has to do lot of the other task like working on hobbies than academics . Furthermore , a person need to maintain plenty of relations . In the conclusion , it is `` better to be a master of one than a slave of all '' .
(HIN,medium) I completely agree to the statement that adversitements really make the product look different and much better than it acually is . This is just a mode of increasing the sale of that product . Advertisements do highlight the advantages of the products but every coin has two sides and all that looks beautiful from outside is not always not so . They just exagerrate and present everything . Lets not forget that people do beilieve these advertisements and end up loosening many times . Some time back there was an advertisement about some new hair product on TV and i it seemed so attractive that i could n't help getting it . The results were n't very impressive . I ended up with falling of my hair and dandruff problem which i never had . One shoud n't just beleive in what is presented externally , it is n't what it is actually . Yesterday only i saw that advertisement about the quiznos sub stating that what they offer is much more , not only this but they also degraded the products of another competent . i do n't think that any one has a right to do that . advertising your own product is acceptable but not degrading others . In my country the rules are different , people ca n't really do that . Sometimes i really think that advertisement are just a mode for fooling people and nothing more , before buying anything at all one should find out the advantages and disadvantages both and than decide . Dont just blindly believe in what is being presented . All that glitters is not gold . Similarly all that lookes good is not always so . It is very easy to spend money but very diificult to earn . So dont just spend your hard money on these useless advertisement but think logically before you take a step . Advertisements are helpful but not always .
(TUR,medium) There are ingreasing people thinking that understanding ideas and concepts more important because if they learn ideas and concept they will learn the subject easily . They have many ideas about the topic but they do not know why this is like this and don not think about topic they only memorize the topic and ideas but it is not true for people in my opinion they learn to understand ideas and concepts has two benefits for them ; learning the topic easily and do not forget very easily . First learning to understand ideas and concepts play important role in learning easyly . If peole learn cocepts and ideas they learn easyly because they learn its details and reasons . People learn thing with details they know about it almost everything and they have a lot of ideas about it . if people have concepts about topic they learn easily too , because they know its much important thing in the topic and if they do not know every thing only they know concept and idea they will solve the problem easily so learning ideas and concepts are important in terms of learning easily Second learning to understand ideas and concepts contributes to not to forget easily because if people know the ideas and concepts they will learn its reasons so they do not memorize it . they learn its much more important ideas and they know important concepts . they forget it very long term and they use this information very long term . Also people want to forget very long term so they learn to understand ideas and concepts . To sum up learning to understand concepts and ideas contrubutes to learning easily and learning to understand ideas concepts and ideas conruutes to not only learning easily but also forgeting it very difficultly . In the future I think more people think that learning ideas and concepts more important .
(HIN,medium) Does young people really nowadays do not give enough enough time to helping their community ? I do not think that this statement has any value it is completly a baised statement . We have seen many cases in which young people come forward to help the society than in any other generations in the past . Firstly , i should say that there is no support for the statement that young people have no time to spend , if we look into the records the young enterprenuer like Bill Gates are doing remarkable job as far as the community services are concerned . He is offering a great amount of his wealth towards the development of the society , he introduces and organises several schemes for the poor people and for the developing nations . According to the United Nation 's report published in June , 2005 the vast differences between younger people and old people as far as the number of persons who work for the organisations like World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , UNICEF and RED CROSS . The younger generation not only work for the betterment for the society but also help the society in various ways by providing financial , technological , emotional supports to the society . According to the article published in The New York times dated on 26 February 2003 , it has been stated that according to the survey nowadays young people are doning remakable things as compared to the prevous days . They are taking active interst in the community services . Young people are opting for the donations and their help as compared to the any other sections of the society . Lastly , if we look into the figures of the young persons in the Non profit organisations Like the organisation run by the Mother Teresa society who are working for the betterment of the society we will find that a large number of young people are opting to be a part of these socity so that they will be able to help the weaker selction of the society . In short , it can easily be concluded that younger people is taking out the time from their busy schedule , they are well educated and know perfectly what are their duties towards the society anfd they are taking keen interest in doing social work for the society . Young people do the best what the can in helping the society .
(ITA,medium) Can you imagine a world without cars ? I think that in this society we are living is very difficult thinking about it , because we have only few referements on our life , and one is the car . We use the car for everything : going to work , to school , for making shopping , going to the supermarket , for having a trip .. for everything . We have lost the capacity of thinking that we can use .. legs or bicycles . We are becoming even more lazy that in the past , and we do n't want to spend energy on walking . That is a pety because everyone knows the importance of the enviromental problems . Every days we are reading on the newspaper that pollution is a real problem for the Earth and should be soved .. but is not easy when peolple think only for themselves and not for the entire society . It 's even true that to maintein a car , people spend a lot of money every year .. for gazoline , and assicurances , and all papers you have to make in order to make your car able to be driven . But in contrast , is evident that cars are very usefull , and solve communication problems : cars let to think nearby to someone that really lives far away from you , and permit to have experience of life . For example permit you to make a cheap trip around a region , or around a continent , giving you the possibility of having a sicure place to sleep , and for young people ( who do n't have much money .. ) that is an important thing . In conclusion , for all these reasons , I think that the use of car will not diminuish because it is a sourse of confortability , and benefits for the middle class persons .
(ITA,high) Well , I kinda disagree with the statement given because in my opinion you ca n't really understand ideas and concepts if you do n't have a good knowledge about facts , and viceversa . So , I think they both are important for students . For example , if a teacher would clear concepts such as socialism or comunism in an history class , he will of course need to explain and let students understand ideas and concepts of these two important subjects , but he would n't give his students a complete preparation on that without taking consideration of the facts , like the fact that following this ideas and concepts the Russian post Warsaw-pact ( and all its satellite 's countries ' ) economy have fallen because it was n't possible to rule a country with that kind of principles . I am sure that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts , so that they can take their decisions and follow or ignore some of them to finally have their own ideas and concepts to grow their capability to interact and agree or disagree with other people in a wide range of fields . But I would n't say that this is more important than learning facts , because if you have your ideas and concepts but ca n't use them for they do n't fit with reality nor with what history tells us , you will never be able to bring an interesting point of view about any topic given . So a good balanced preparation both in the `` ideas and concepts-area '' and in the `` facts learning-area '' will give the students the best way to take decisions , have their own ideas to fight for , make up their minds ( why not ? ! ) and finally feel free to talk about any subject without feeling ignorant or frustrated because of their lack of knowledge about ideas and concepts or because of a fact itself .
(JPN,high) Some people think that to learn facts is more important than to understand ideas and concepts because facts make students easy to decide something to do . But personally , I think that there are a lot of factors when students decide something to do Therefore , I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . First of all , it is sometimes difficult for university students to enter a certain company . For example , I worked at NTT , the biggest telecommunication company in Japan . When I was a university student , NTT was a top ranked company in Japan and very difficult to enter . Many friends of mine gave up trying to enter that company only because of the difficulty . If I just cared about the fact that the company is very difficult to enter , I might not try to enter that company . But I had a huge dream that I wanted to change the world by using the Internet , and at that time NTT was the most powerful IT company in Japan . I just believed my idea and entered the company . This example clearly shows that ideas is more important than facts . Second of all , it is hard to get a scholarship . For instance , I got a scholarship in my high school days . My high school was very famous and one of the highest level in my region . When I decided to challenge to get a scholarship , all teachers in my junior high school told me it was impossible . However , I never gave up my concept that I got a scholarship and made my parents less burden . If I followed the fact that it was hard to get a scholarship , I never got a scholarship from my high school . This example is the typical case that to understand ideas and concepts are more important than to learn facts . In conclusion , I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
(ITA,medium) According to me it is quite true that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . The huge amount of industries that make the same or similar products have brought to a point where it is difficult to go on , so they has started to find ways to gain more money otherwise they will not be able to survive . As a result they has begun to reduce cost of productions and this means also less quality in the products they make , but however to convince people to buy these products it is necessary they believes that this products are great ; to do this industries has started to make advertisements that present a certain object as one of the best ever produced and it does n't matter if it 's not true . A clear example about what I 'm saying is about mobile phones : the first mobile phones are n't so glamour like those we can find now , but they were really resistant and they could be used for years without any problem ; the new ones instead are n't so resistant and has a lot of problems and it could happen we have to change them after only a couple of years , but the advertisments about them paint another reality . According to these advertisements the product shown is the greatest ever sold and focus our attention on the innovations this object has and also assure us it wo n't have troubles . Another example is about cars ; most of car producers when promote their new vehicle explains us all those things that they have done well and that contributes to make us interested in this car , like speed , horsepower , acceleration , optionals and maybe after , we buy it , we know that is not safe in certain conditions or it has n't passed some test
(HIN,high) It is hard to imagine the facts with concepts . They are both interrelated . I agree that students should concentrate more on understanding the ideas and concepts because it is difficult to understand the facts without knowing the concepts behind it . It is easy to clear the concepts and understand the ideas while studying because we have the help at hand and our teachers and mentors are there to correct us . For example if I see a patient with a swelling and without any history and clinical examination I can not tell what swellingit is and how I am going to manage it . To reach the diagnosis I need to clear my concepts to take a proper history and to examine this swelling . Then I need to know the common sweelings found in the specific area and the pathology . I should know how to investigate this swelling and than I will be able to reach the correct diagnosis and would be able to treat this efficiently . As I am in the learning phase and during my training I have been able to learn these basic concepts with the help of my trainers and mentors . Therefore before jumping to know the facts we should know the basic concepts first as I go through the basic things befor reaching the diagnosis . Another example when a child grows up he speaks only few words initially and does not start speaking the complete sentences fluently because he tries to learn the basic things before he can speak and perform like adults . In conclusion I would like to say that learning the ideas and basic concepts first is very important and if we do not follow this principle then we will only know the facts not the concepts behind them . If it happens our knowledge and study will have no meaning because the main purpose of the education uisto make us aware of the concepts .
(GER,high) Concerning the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well , I agree to a cerain extend . While certain people can achieve a certain level of success by only drawing on old knowledge the majority of the people who have success , do so because of their willingness to break out try new strageties . The first part of my essay will give arguments for this fact , while also providing examples . The second part will draw the attention on the fact that experiences and old strategies can still be usefull , while only partly . If one looks back in time the most people that can retrospectively regarded as successfull have taken risks and tried now stregeties . The willingness to break out of fixed patterns of society and try new approaches has mostly resulted in success . This applies for various fields , such as natural sciences , humanitarian scineces and especially the business world . To give an historical example , Gutenberg invented printing as a means to reproduce texts in the 15th century . With this he risked the anger the clerus , who had a monopoly in this field . However , he was successful and changed the way of publishing forever . Also today we can find similar examples , which can also be much simpler . For example the Starbucks inventor had the simple idea to sell standadized coffee to go at various places with a brand name that stood for quality , as opposed to the classical behauvious of drinking a cup of coffee in a cafe . However trying out new things is not sufficent to be successful . It is important to have draw on a certain knowledge and certain skills that exstist already . Without those skills the development of a new idea can easily result in faluire . For example the building up of the starbucks empire , which was founded on a new idea , would never have been possible without the knowledge of olod established economic principles and business knowledge . To conlude I want to draw aon the importance of the two elements that are important when trying out new things . It is important to use long established skills and knowledge in order to develop a new a idea and realize it as a porject . This approach is only logical because old knowledge and skills have once been new ideas that people fought for . It therefore behoves us to use those old methods to realize new and daring projects .
(JPN,medium) I totally agree with the statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communties '' . There are three reasons why I believe so in terms of vote rate , improvement of the technology and urbanization . First , young people , especially in my country , tend to avoid to participate in politics . Even though it should be essential right and duty for the people to attend vote , the rate of voting is decreasing year by year . Young people seems busy to work and play and they are losing interest to politics . Second , obviously , the number of the young people who do not know how to communicate with others is increasing . It is said that the distribution of computer games and improvement of networking such as internet cause the problems . People no longer need to go out to find someone who would make conversation with him/her because they not only can `` talk '' but also can play with their friends online . Although technoligy enables interactive communication , such things are not literal `` communication '' . Young people should go out and see many people otherwise they lose ability to communicate and they will never find the way to contribute to their society . \ Third , urbanization is also one of the factors . Recently , most areas in the developed countries are urbanized . Even in the country side , young people try to move to city and the average year of country side areas are increasing . However , there are traditional community and older people have wisdom based on their experience . In contrast , there is no `` community '' in the city and no one would tell young people valuable things .
(FRE,medium) A community needs the help of every members to be a nice and pleasant place to live in . Young people have to participate like any other members , have to give the same time like anyone else . I think that they do that but maybe they do not do the same thing as an adult and maybe adults do not see what they do . Young people do things they like to do . That can be a problem because , as young people , they accept less easily things to do than an adult who now that he does it for the well being of the community . Youg people like to do things they like . The problem is that adults often think that what young people are doing is less important than what they are doing . so for example , when there is a party to oragnise in the community , young people will be happy to organise it , but as it it less serious than something than adults can do , it is not considered like it has to be considered . Young people have not the same vision of a community like adults . Times are changing and adult-s idea of a community is not the same as a young people-s idea of a community . Young people can show their love for their community by writing a song about it , or bye painting grafitiy on walls about it , so that is is pratical help like adults do , but in the mind of zoung people it is a kind of engagment for this community . So I think that youg people do things and give enough time for their community but in a different way than adults , but I do not think that what the adults do are more important than what young people do .
(FRE,medium) In my opinion it 's better to have a knowledge of many academic subject . Because , when you are a student , you ca n't realy know what kind of job you will do during all your life . So , I think it 's important to learn differents topics . It could permit you to have more chances in the market job . Indeed , now it 's becoming realy difficult to find a good job , so you have to be good on your major but you need also a general culture . For example , I have worked in a bank during a month , and the director told me the general culture was very important in particular when you are in the top of the society . Beceause if you do n't have a general culture , the person with who you will convers will take you for someone who is just interested on his own , for someone who is not interested by what it 's happening over the world . My second argue is the fact in our society , we do n't do during all our life the same job . So if you want to be able to find an other job without any relation with the first , and if you just have learn one topic during all you studies , it will be hard to find this other job . You can tell me some people know since they are little what tyey want to do , but now , you have to take in acount all other people . Indeed , today , many people move around the world and consequently theire are more competition between appliants . To conclued , I think it 's important , now to be aware on the world , and to be it , you have to know many differents informations ... you had learn by taking differents subjects during your studies .
(HIN,high) I disagree to the statement that young people enjoy their life more , as the older people were also young at some point of their life and hence they have gone through what a younger generation is going through , but time plays an important role in the enjoyment of life and also what an individual has the image of enjoyment of life in his mind . Firstly , it is correct that young generation is enjoying the life more than the older at that time but as the time passes the young generation has to enter the older generation and that same young generation now again takes some pleasures in enjoying life in older age also thus if we calculate the enjoyment by comparing the older person to young one then we will find that older ones has enjoyed more on the scale of time . Secondly , every person has its own defination of enjoyment in life , some might feel like their are enjoying life if the go for long drive or spend time in travelling and exploring the huge world , while some might feel that they are enjoying thier life by just chilling around their loved ones and spending time in chatting , emailing playing games etc. now this type of enjyoment are not defined for some particular age any one can get this enjoyment at anytime of thier life . Thus the older and younger genration can enjoy to the same type of enjoyment . Thirdly , every person has his own set of thinking of enjoyment and as the young generation is unaware of enjoyment he is going to get in his future life , he is more excited and ready to enjoy the life at every part of his life , which was the same feeling that an old generation has gone through . Moreover now all the enjoyment that a young genration does are aslo tried and enjoyed by the older people , thus they have present life of enjoyment in old age and also had the enjoyment during thier young age , but the current younger genration ca n't go back in time and enjoy the moments that the older generation has experienced , but will have some different experiences of enjoyment of life for their coming younger generations . Also , even if the young generation is young and can do many things that older ca n't but there are some things that younger genration does not have is the experience of the enjoyment which had been to the older generation , for young generation the enjoyment has just begin but for the older one it is coming to its end and thus they have far more enjoyed than the current younger generation . Thus altogether the younger generation also enjoyes the life but the enjoyment that he has experienced has also been experieced by the older genration and the defination of enjoyment changes from person to person .
(FRE,medium) Although some very populated countries such as China or India are going to become modern industrial countries in the next few years , and then increase their demand of cars , I do n't think that the supply will stay as high as today . Several reasons support my opinion . First , the pollution issu is an obstacle to an increasing of the car number . Even though these countries can produce and build by themselves their own cars , there are more and more laws in order to reduce pollution , including car pollution . Second , gaz oil ressources are becoming rare , and some reaserches state that in less than fifty years all of them will be end . Besides , the Organisation of Arabian countries that produce oil ( OPEP ) stilll put up the price of the baril . Then it becomes very expensive to provide oil . So , on the one hand there is the will of many countries in the world of leading a western way of life , which the feeling of liberty that implies car drivng is an important part . But on the other hand it is an order for humanity to reduce global pollution . Nevertheless maybe scientists will find new places where oil is avalaible . However the global warmer climate is still a big issu due to car pollution in a part . Maybe that is why policies concerning driving license are becoming so strict in western countries ... Anyway , I would conclude by writing that I believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than today
(JPN,high) Some people believe that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities . It seems to me , however , they get to be spending their time to supporting their communities . There are three reasons for this . First of all , increasingly , in these days , the school introduced the social communication class in the program , and young students especially students in junior hight school and high school join their communities by cleaning their town , helping seniors and so on . It might be a compulsory education in the first place ; however because of this educational system , young people are aware of the importance of this activity , and gradually intended to join it afterwards . Secondly , it seems that young people are getting the leader position in a lot of communities to contribute in these days . In some area in our country , Japan , there are some activities which put the the age limit ( 25-30 year old ) to be a member of social communities . Moreover in order to attract the young people , some communities offer the special reward , such as paying the salary or providing land . Thanks to these activities , young people are more getting involved and helping their communities by teaching sports , their cultures , and so on . Finally , in these days , it is frequently mentioned that now is the time of changing generation in Japan . As you may see the election of prime ministor in Japan , Mr. Shinzo Abe , who is the youngest prime ministor , was just elected few weeks ago . Thanks to this trend , it seems that young people positively get to feel that they have more chance and power to join their communities to achieve and help something more , even though they are too busy to spend their time to do this kind of voluntieer work . In conclusion , using these above reasons as a basis , I would mention that young people nowdays have positive intention to help their communities .
(TEL,medium) I agree with it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because , when a student can understand the idea or main concept of the topic the student can generalise by himself . When a student had understand certain concept student can develop more ideas by himself . By understanding it the student will able to answer any type of the question on that topic . For Example let us consider that a student is studying on motor . The student need to understand the main idea and what are the concepts that are related to that topic . And how the motor works and many more things about the motor . But , less importance should be given to learn facts . Let us consider another example , let us consider one of the topic from the student subjects . The student must know the what is the main idea and the concepts of that particular topic rather than learn facts on that particular topic . When the student is focused to understand the ideas and concepts on a particular topic . When we arise any doubets on that topics they will be able to answer that doubt . Now a days the generation is developing day by day . To sustain in this compition world we must have to be more familer about the topics which are very much important . To know such things we have to understand the main ideas of the subject or topic so , that we can face the present world . So i prefer it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than facts .
(TUR,high) Nowadays , people argue that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Some people claim that older people enjoy life more , others claim that young people enjoy more . I agree that young people enjoy life more . There are many reasons , why young people enjoy life more . People , who claim that older people enjoy life more , gives some reasons why older people enjoy more . First , they say that older people generally have more money than young people , therefore they have more chance for enjoying life by using this money . Secondly , people , who claim that older people enjoy life more , claim that older people have more experience about life than young people and they know that how people can take taste from life . On the other hand , other people , who claim that young people enjoy life more , give many reasons , why young people enjoy life more . First , they say that money is not only main factor for enjoying life . There are different factors , which influence the life . First , young people have more energy than older people and they can spend this energy by making their lifes enjoyable . For example , they can travel the world and see everything about the life by spending this energy . They have no disability but older people have . Secondly , they do n't know everything about the life , therefore they wonder the life more that older people . This makes young people curious and they investigate everything and they want to taste these beauties . Moreover , young people are very healthy . Older people are generally ill , therefore they are always bored and angry . But young people have fun . This is best reason , why young people enjoy life more . Consequently , both of young people and older people live in this world , but they have different conditions such as energy , wealthy , experience . Therefore , they take different tastes from life and therefore , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
(TEL,medium) The topic is yong people enjoy the life more than older people . I really support this statement due my experenceses by watching my life , my fater life and my grand fater life . The main reason for enjoyment is more young people is that age very fast age . It means that young people is ourney any where easily . Generally young people are more healthy than older people so they can eat any thing in this age and drinking is also doing everthing easily . The younger people are going to restrents and pubs to drinking . they cannot made any arrengements for it but older people made arrangements for going outside and other places . If they going to cold places they are face so many problems due to cold . The another reason for enjoyment in young people is they are working high as compared to older people . In present senreio the picture is young people dominet older people it means that new creations domminated in experianence . Young people enjoy thier work also than the older people . The young people are enjoying their life due to student life in college and ot having duties but older people having more duties than young peolple . students and newly married people are enjoying the life without having so much of duties but but the older people having risk of his life and his children life also . If any health problem occur in the older age it is difficult to retain good position but it is retain easiy for younfer people due body made of age . If any problem occurs in older age it is very difficult one to them . But some of the older people can also enjoy the life than older life because the young people generally lives in cities they are working with tensions and traffic problems but so many old people are lives in villages or cityends they enjoy the life thier family and no tensions
(FRE,medium) To answer to this question , i think we have to begin explaining what we think about # many academic subjects # and about # specific subject # . For example , does # many academic subjects # refers to science and econonic , or do we have to understand mathematic and physic , which are a part of science , or nuclear and light , which are a part of physic . The conclusion of this example is that there are different degrees of specialization and that we must answer wich one is the best . If you have a passion in a specifict subject , you ought to specialize in it and to do only that . However , it is interresting to discover many different subjects . Besides , people dislike to do always the same thing . These things depend of each person . But there is a thing we cannot dennied . The more science knowledge increases in each subject , the more it is difficult to be good in a lot of these one , as the great scientists of the last century . Today each job requires such a good qualification in a specific subject that it is impossible to be good enought in one another totaly different . In an other hand , in jobs like ingeeners , you often have to change the subject in which you work in , and this is i ; possible if you are to much specialized . Anyway , in France you have to learn a lot of thing about different subject before being allowed to specialized . In France , the most specialized ingeeners work alone and the others together . Because i want to work in a team , i will not be as specialed as them .
(HIN,medium) In my view , it is better to have a knowledge on a specialize subject rather than having broader knowledge of many academic subjects because If the person is carrer oriented then he has to specialized in that particular field instead learning all the subjects which is a waste of time and money . This not only saves ones time but also gives the thorough and coherent knowledge and skills about that subject . The reason that I agree with this point is that I have observed one of my Classmate who was very much interested in all the subjects and plus he was career oreinted too . He spends time gaining knowledge of the subjects . At last , when the real time came , he was helpless and finally didnt succeed in his career . By seeing his expereince I have learnt that `` the more you learn , the more you forget '' and finally you will be remauned with a single pie in your hand . So knowledge in terms of academic aspects depends on your interest and career . So if you want acquire more knowledge , you have to sacrifice the other part of life . By this a nice proverb can be evolved `` A bird in hand is worth than two ina bush '' . This implies if you are interested in one particular field then stay tuned to that paricular field rather than showing interest in various activities . But some parts of the statements sounds sometimes true because through his knowledge only we acquire wisdom . If the person haves the knowledge with wisdom he can stand tall in life . For ex : - John Abraham . Through his wisdom only America Is successful today . Coming back to the point , if one does his work in a specific and significant way , he can achieve success , So I totally disagree with the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one subject '' .
(TEL,medium) Yes I agree with following statements . It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than learning facts . As life is a short period so the student cant experience or learn every thing in facts . when coming to understanding the ideas and coccepts it one of the life cycle for the student . As student faces many kind of ideas and concepts in class while listening to the class . Student comes to know many kinds of concepts while reading a book or listening to the lecture in the class . The student is supposed to create ideas while reading books . Understanding the ideas of other people like class mates or friends is very important in the student life , because many people have many ideas and concepts . by understanding the ideas of other people the student can learn many things related to life and survive ni his life at any stage with out facing any problems . If the student fails in catching the ideas and concepts of other people he will face many problemsin life . Some people has the ideas of solving any kind of problem by their ideas and concepts which he faced regularly in his life . By having ideas on a perticular job which has to finish by the student he can survive and completes the job at any kind of difficulties he faces in the path of completing the job . For example the students prepares for a seminar and prepared a paper work for the seminar . but he losts the information prepared by him . But he is not discouraged and the ideas and the concepts he prepared encourages him to complete the task in time . This is the main advantage for the students to understant the ideas and concepts than to leatn facts . Favts can be learned by the experiences faced by the students in his life . every thing in the life cant be experienced as stated below . As there is no experience for the student in facing the seminar but he completes it perfectle with the ideas and concepts . For this reason iagree with the above statement
(TEL,low) Yes , i agree that it is more important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for themto learn the facts . any country growth is depends on the student . Student can act the majore role in the growing of any country . So there is a nessecity and importance for the students to understand ideas and concepts . if they are not understanding the ideas which are implementing to develop it wil more effect on the nation and all the requirements for the development of the country . For example , if anyone can give the ideas for the development if the student is not understanding in the right way so there no result will appear , so for good results every student can understand that what they are oing and what they have to do because of if they think right way it is good if they think in wrong way the result will be effortend on the all of the people which are leaving in the country . If the problem will occure at that time they solve the problem by thinking in the right way so it cannot create the some more problems if it not solving the right they can creative the more problems and it wil effect on the nation . the future of the country or nation is purely depend on the students , how they can approch and how they can get the good position . And also there is a need of learning the facts . Most of the students can not understand the main ideas and concepts for the development so they will effect more so this problem can be avoid by some other student who can having the good knowledge and who can understand the things easily that means the ideas for the development . so there is need of understanding the ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . Some of the students can not agree with the facts and also they are neglegible for this facts so that people can lose the good quality of the understanding power so i suggest that every one can get the good understanding power and every one know that how they can understand the things for the development of the nation . so it is more importent for the students to understand ideas and the concepts than it is for them to learn facts . so the nation or the country can develop more and acheives the good position . development is inthe students hand .
(TUR,high) I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . I believe so because I have been exposed to many advertisements which after some time has been banned because of their unreliability and I have experienced many disappointments after buying a perfectly advertised product . Almost every product comes with beautiful and effective advertisements and for the first few weeks , many people pay for these products . However , after some time , organizations which are supposed to control the unfair use of advertisements ban the sales of that product in the markets due to wrong information given in the advertisements . To give a specific example , PO , which is one of the largest oil companies in Turkey , recently announced their new oil product which contains some agricultural wastes and products . The advertisements were great and every people owning a car , started preferring that company to buy the oil . This is mainly because they were told in the advertisements that the performance of their car would increase significantly with the use of that new product . However , after 3 weeks , the advertisements were banned from being shown in TV 's , because PO could n't prove the performance increase of the new oil . This was only one specific example and there are many other like this one which are caught by the controlling mechanisms as well as which cannot be caught . Another reason why I think that advertisements make products seem better than they really are is that I have experienced some disappointments with the products for which I was affected by their advertisements , To be more specific , I watch a movie by just looking at its advertisements . However this some of the times made me disappointed because the comments about the movie is generally exaggurated and one can never understand whether they are or not before watching the movie . I have read a lot of good comments on Keloglan movie 's advertisements . The film was however disgusting . These two summarizes
(TUR,low) Recant advertisements world 's consists of marketing policies . Marketing polisies ' requarements are based on '' sell everyting to your clients if they need or do not '' . Therefore saler have to increase their sale amounts . So how can saler do that ? As a way they must promote their product even they are not good . Sometimes they can say lie , sometimes they can make the people hopeful if they buy companies goods . And people even they are really not sure about the goods they want to buy them for something mistic or phsicolojical thing , Off course sienctists try to explain what lys behind this behaviour . Unfourtunatly , human nature focused on consumer behaviour and big componies take advanteges from that .
(KOR,high) It is often said that only doing what we already know how to do well is safe and stable way without risks . However , if I were asked to tell my opinion , I would recommend to try new things and take some risks because it will provide us with new opportunities , betterment of performance , and increase of lives ' quality . To begin with , trying new things gives us new opportunities such as a new achievement which was never explored before . For example , if Bill Gates had not dropped out his school and worked as a normal salary man , what do you think would have happened ? I ca n't imagine the presence of Windows , which bring us high benefits in our daily lives , without his challenge and braveness toward his vision . His success on business is based on his try . Secondly , a company can survive and flourish with new ideas . Samsung is well known for semiconductor business . When other competitors are satisfied with 4M flash memory chip , Samsung made a big decision to develop 16M flash memory . Even though there was a big risk , the revenue and value of Samsung drastically increased after they launched new flash memory . Then , it has been able to lead the semiconductor industry by trying new things and developing new products . Finally , trying new things is able to give us new perspectives and progress . In my case , I was quite satisfied with my job several years ago . My salary was not low , I had been appreciated quite well . However , I started feeling that my knowledge and experiences were getting limited , and it seemed I was not progressing any more . So I determined to shift my job . As I tried to find new and better job , I realized that I acquired new perspectives to the business field and increased the value of myself . Now I am eagerly excited about my future life even though there might be risks . All things considered , trying new things will enable us to meet new opportunities , maximize the performances , and live with better quality of life .
(HIN,high) I completely agree with the view that taking risks and trying out new things , rather than sticking to known ways , make successful people . This fact can be simply illustrated with very preliminary examples . Like for example , had James Watt not tried to innovate a new way of transportation option , the steam engine , and would have been satisfied with the then prevelant transportation options like horse-carts , where would we be today in terms of comfort , cost and time benefits we draw from transportation ? Same is the case , if the Wright brothers would have stopped after the steam engine revolution . Continous evolution is always possible , because I think nothing is perfect to be accepted as it is forever . I will use more technology or business environment related examples to explain this view further . In order to remain competant and profitable , businesses have to be innovative . Trying out new things enhances creativity and can lead to either new concepts , processes or products . It can also result into better ways to do an existing job and lead to most cost and time effective solutions . For example , when geographically distributed working was not as famous a concept , Chinese and Indian companies pioneered the offshoring concept . This led to benefits for both the parties , providing opportunities to the developing nations and huge cost savings for the customers , which effectively lowered prices for the developed countries . Trying to remain in the safe zone by stick to existing known ways and not indulging into risk taking is very harmful for businesses . For example , if Microsoft would have been satisfied with their Windows operating system product having a huge market share and would not have innovated for improving their product , their market share would have been gobbled up by new products like Linux . The most direct criticism of taking risks , is that if the existing way is well-established and near-perfect , trying new things would be waste of time . And it could be a costly venture if trying new things yields nothing , after all it is associated with risks . But I do not agree to this criticism because I believe , that even if sometimes being innovative just ends up being a cost-overhead , in long term it will definately not be so , because of the dynamic nature of our businesses and environment .
(TEL,high) Although there may be some special cases where youngsters are helping their communities , I agree that they are not spending enough time . There are three reasons why I arrived at this conclusion . Firstly , in these days every one is striving for a good career - to get a good job in some reputed company or to start his own business . In this race for a good career , most of us will not care for what is going on with the outside world . Instead we will concentrate only on our aim until we get it in our hand . We will motivate all our thoughts in that direction . We will spend each and every second in our life for that goal . So we are not getting time to help our communities . Another reason is that , now a days a person becomes famous mostly because of his wealth . He will be given respect based upon his fortune . In this scenario , it 's no surprise that every one becomes greedy for wealth and fame . So we does n't waste our time for non-profit activities i.e , activities which will give no profit in form of money like helping our communities . We will focus all our time on doing some work to earn some thing . One more reason is that most of us enjoy playing sports . So if we find any leisure time we will cater it to playing instead of doing any other thing . What we also feel is that playing is conducive to health and also maintaining a good physique always fetches . Obviously there will be no free time to us when we are spending it in another way . Finally , youngsters now a days are giving more preference to their career , accomplishing wealth and also maintaining good health . They are missing the fundamental rule of helping others , which inturn helps us . Let 's hope a time definitely comes when our people will realize this truth and thrive for the prosperity of our human community .
(KOR,high) I think everyone knows about the story of a ` giving tree . ' It 's a story about how a tree gives everything to a boy whom the tree loves . The tree starts with giving the boy a shade made by the leaves of the tree by giving everything the tree got - leaves , fruits , branches , a trunk - the tree ends up with nothing but a place for the boy to sit and rest . This story shows us how touching and beautiful it is to sacrifice oneself and help others . But this story , is just a story and what we call the ` valuable sacifice ' ca n't be seen anymore . Thus I agree to the statement that says young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I agree because the modernization made people too much individualized that they only think about themselves and also because people do nothing that gives them nothing in return . This week on Monday , I happened to read an article talking about a highschool student being qualified to enter HanYang university because he spent much time helping his community . This clearly prooves that there are not much voluntary work being done these days . The lack of voluntary works are so lacking and are in need that it the abundant voluntary works that the student has done made him enter the college wihtout any other requirements . I believe that the modernization has the responsibilty for this phenomenon . As the community society was being divided and many people left to larger cities to earn more money , people have been less socializied and are too much individualized . People do n't mingle with their community members anymore as much as they did in the old days , which made them forget how to cooperate and live together . People are greedier than they were before . They want rewards and returns for the investment they have made . For example , In May this year , the principal of my school announced that extra point will be given to those who spends time doing voluntary works in their communities . After this announcement has been made , students went crazy to do voluntary works to get more points . Statistics showed that 5students doing voluntary work increased to 16students per month in only for months . So to say , I strongly agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I thinks the government should bring up new polices to encourage students and other community members to participate in voluntary works .
(JPN,medium) Cars have been played an important role . They influence the economy and techology all over the world . I disagree with that fewer cars will be used than they are today . There are four reasons . First of all , citied keep developing and people keep making roads , so a lot of cars will be needed for people if the roads will keep increasing . Second , not only the roads increase , but also the population keep increase . More the population increases , more the demand of using cars will increase . If there are a lot of demand , people try to make more cars to satisfy the demand , which is the relationship between demand and supply . This relationship are necessary for develop the economy , and especially cars have influenced the world market . Therefore , cars will be needed more and more . Next , using cars are one of the way to transport . It 's so convenient to go to places which are even far away and also comfortable to use cars because we do n't need to be accustom ourself to the public atmosphere . In contrast , when we take other transportations like a bus or train , we always have to pay attention to others . Thus , we can feel relax and enjoy our own spaces by using cars . Finally , while some people may think using cars pollutes the environment , we have studied for the new way to develop cars which do n't give bad influence to the environment since technology has kept developing . In fact , we have made the new tipe of car which does n't cause CO2 by making energy from solving water . These attempts will contribute to solve environmental problems . For the above reasons , I disagree with that fewer cars are ufs
(KOR,medium) Some people say being a specialist in a specific field is most important thing in the ever-changing society . However , I strongly believe that having broad academic knowlege is much important than being a specialist . First of all , learning wide knowledge of various subjects is helpful to be well-rounded people and have a good relationship with others . When people learn the only one subject , they are well fitted in the field , but might not be a general people who mingle with any others . For example , Tae-hun Kim , who is my university friend , is on psychology major . He did not know about any other subject . Some day when I ask other friends to join a party in Kim 's house , they answered reluctantly . I knew why they did . That was because Kim always talks only about psychologic issue . On top of that , it is beneficial not only to social relationship , but also to get good job in these day . Many company want to recruit versatil people who can be adjusted any department . Some department needs speicialists , but most of departments teach new people to work together . When people even want to make their own company , it will be more a helpful to be a this kind of versatil man . For instance , despite my brother 's major is computer science , he tried to learn management and economics when he want to build his own computer software company . He already had good computer skills but he also needed management skill to manage his company , and economics ' insight to read the current market flow . Now he is a one of the most famous CEO of a young venture company . In brief , learning diverse knowledge have a positive effect on people 's relationship and getting a good job . People should learn diverse kind of academic subject to be more well rounded people and have various knowledge to jet
(HIN,high) Enjoyment means entertainment , satisfaction of one 's soul and containment with the happenings in life . I would like to disagree with this statement . This is because entertainment would mean differently to different people . Entertainment depends on various factors like the person 's attitude and his notion or perspective on entertainment . The younger generation tends to enjoy themselves by going to parties , meeting new people , making new friends and going for long drives . The way a youngster enjoys himself or herself depends on the attitude and nature of the individual . Some people might like to go to parties for entertainment while others might like to watch a movie . On the other hand the older people might also do the same things that youngsters do or they may engage in activities considered as dull and boring by the youngsters . I would like to take examples of two famous personalities here who despite their age never complained of boredom . Firstly , I would like to take the example of Mother Teresa who despite her old age found enjoyment in playing with children and serving the needy . Secondly , I would like to take the example of the famous painter , M.F. Hussain . M.F. Hussain is more than eighty years old but finds enjoyment in his paintings . He likes to draw and finds his entertainment in his drawings . We can find people both among younsters and aged who remain depressed and do not tend to enjoy themselves . They lead the life of a loner and stay in recluse . The youngsters have a pressure to make their life which may in turn have an effect on the way they tend to enjoy themselves . But this might not be the case with the older people . They have a life , they have attained their goals and can live a peaceful life which in itself is an enjoyment . The old people also tend to enjoy themselves by talking to others of their age and about their life 's experiences . Thus we see that the entire concept of enjoyment differs from one person to other . We can never say with surity that youngsters tend to enjoy more than the old people . Everything depends on the nature and the attitude of people . If somebody wants to enjoy age is never a deciding factor . It 's the perspective and the likes and dislikes of a person which tends to decide how well the person is enjoying his life .
(CHI,medium) Some believe that it isbetter to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . But other one believe the negative attitude . In my opinion , the answer of this state is depend on one 's personal experence and the life stile . Now , the society is more and more complex , so broad knowledge are needed for people to fit it . So , if one peason only want to get a batcher degree from the university and will go into the society to earn themselives , they shoud have broad knowledge of many academic subjects in order to fit the society better and quicker . Due to the blank of employment situation , broad knowledge of many academic subjects will offer more oppertunities in the job market . For example , one peason who have the knowledge about PC , soft ware , physical , and electrical has more oppertunities to be hired by a IT company iIT . But , as we know , more and more information is contain in one academic subject , so it is diffcult , even is impossible , for someone to master all the information in one subject , not to say many academic subjects . So if someone want to learn some information about one subject better , he/she would better learn one subject and specialize in one specific subject . For example , one peason is interested in biology very much and want to got a PHD degree about it , it is not need for he/she learn more about history . In a word , the answer of which choice is better depend on one 's personal experence and the life stile . To someone , have broad knowledge of many academic subject is better ; but to other one , specialize in one specific subject is better .
(ARA,medium) Although a lot of older people seem to be happy and enjoing life , I think younger people enjoy life more than older people do because younger people do not have a lot of things to worry about , they at least think they have more time in the future and because of the intertament objects that we hane nowadays . Most of young people do not have childern so that they do n't have to care about any body in addition to themselves which make them spen all of the money they have on thier own way . Also , younger people do not have to worry about a lot of other things that older people may conciern like health which gave the firest group the grean light to enjoy life . An other reason I sould minsion is that younger people think they have more time in the future to worry about things and at the mean time they just have to enjoy life . Nevertheless , old people had enjoied thier life when they were young , and they do not prefer to spend the rest of it on the same thing too which make them spend it in more meaningful things like education , for example . The last reason I would like to bring is that we have a lot of intertament objects that we can spend our time in like computers , for example . People nowadays can study and have fun at the same time which is the best advantage of the computers we use . Moreover , the games and intertament ways that the older people used to have have changed to be more complex to sute the educational and intertamental purpses . In conclusion , not having a lot of things to worry about , thinking that they have time in the future , and the intertament objects we have nowadays make young people enjoy life more that older people .
(TEL,medium) Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . I agree with the following statement because success comes with hard work . Those who know the taste of hardwork they will try and do more things in life . This can be explained with a very well known example of Mr. Mittal . He tried new thing like coleberating with the top steel manufacturing company Arcelor . Initially there are lot of problems arised . They are like competition from other companies and racial abusements etc .. but still because of his hard work he has successful in making his dream true of coleberating Arcelor . Now it is named as Arcelor-Mittal steel industry . Successful people know how to overcome risks . success in life can not be achieved overnight . success is a hardwork and determination of a person for many years . successful people like taking challenges in life . They will fight for success . Successful people like trying out different things in life . They want there name to spred all over . To be a verygood successful person he must have good leadership qualities and ethical principles . We can have many more examples of successful persons . Reliance Ambani is the most successful person in our country trying out in many forms like cellular , petroleum , steel , etc .. Therefore by these examples illusrated above i srongly agree the statement that successful people try new things by facing risks . Therefore successful persons always win in life .
(KOR,medium) In my opinion , having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is more important than specializing in one specific subject . In other words , I think one should do the former first , then do the later . From my experience , I insist like that and I can explain more details . First , we can easily find the good example through the system of education . You enter elementary school and start to study there . Following middle and high school , you may learn various things thourghout many kinds of subject . After that , you could find your specific talent or concern , dedicate yourself on that . It means learning basic and common things first , and then concentrate something special chosen after that . Second , it 's my regretful story . I neglected studying when I was high school student . As a result of that , I selected wrong major which was mechanical engineering for bacholar 's degree . Anyway now I become military officer and prepare to enter into post graduate school public policy majored . I could say this route is paved way . If I had been diligent to learn many academic things when I was in high school , I could have found right specific subject for me and followed the shortest and effective way to be myself of nowadays . Lastly , specializing early may make one be partial . As balanced nutrition is very important to toddler , balanced learning to youths . If one go into specific thing too early , of course she knows very much about her subject but not about other things . It can make her concentrate more to the specific , neglect more to all the rest . It means unbalance . So she may have the limit even on her subject as a result of partiality . People say that reading is food of mind . As you know reading is main method we can get the knowledge . So it is very important to get nutritiants balanced . When we feel like healthy as growing good balanced with knowledge from various parts , it 's the very time to select the specific for us .
(GER,high) There are many reasons why older people enjoy their lives much more than younger people do . Of course , some arguments might suggest the contrary , namely that life is more fun to young people : Being young , there are almost no physical boundaries to how one decides to spend one 's free time : all kinds of sports or adventures are possible . There is no pain in the back and at least less problems with teeth . Young people are usually less settled , still more open to learn to know different people , different places and travel to other countries . They do n't have to live with the fear or sorrow of having missed out important experiences or having made wrong decisions at decisive points of their lifelines . Nevertheless , one must not forget that young people often live in fear of the future , especially nowadays when the unemployment statistics as well as the predicted future of the social system here in Germany are horrifying to many people . Any kind of possibility is connected to some kind of uncertainty , which is one main reason for me to believe that older people are often more happy than the young ones . Having seen a lot , having met many people and visited different countries , most of all having experienced the tragedies of life , I think it becomes more easy to enjoy life . Maybe we even need those kind of experiences to truly value each and every day of our life as something special - an awareness young people are often lacking . Finally , older people are often blessed with the possibility of watching their loved ones grow up . I believe that experiencing future generations , especially within one 's own family , must have an amazingly calming effect on mind and soul . Earning the fruits of one 's life is another experience reserved for older people . To end with , the advantages
(ITA,medium) I think that is more important for a student to learn the ideas instead of learn the facts . There are an enourmos number of facts . All these facts ca n't be learnt by a student because if it were true a student spent all his life only for learnt something that not always is usefull for him . The ideas are very important and they help you not only to understand how something occur but they help you to understand why something occur . For us is more important know how or why something occur ? in my opinion i think that know why is the best . The ideas are at the base of any events and they can be applied to all other facts that we do n't know . if we know the ideas on which a phenomenom is based we can also understand other phenomena that we have n't ever been studied . For example in the engeniering branches i studied the fondamental ideas that explain many phenomena like the move of a motor or the way like the current arrived into every house but these ideas are very important for many others courses like the safety in the home or the electric fields causes by the high voltage lines . If idid n't understand very well these ideas i must learnt all the other topics and maybe i must take some of those in memory because i do n't know the basic ideas . Finally i prefer ideas because are less difficult than the whole concept . The concept can be recognize step by step starting from the ideas and making some logical passeges that bring us to the correct conclusion that explain very well the facts .
(JPN,medium) I totally agree the statment'Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities ' . I will evaluate with the following paragraphs . Before I tell you my reasons , I state that what is mean by ` helping communities ' . For me it is working in society in your own time by free which means Volunteer . First of all nowadays young people have a lot of things to do in school . For example a small test everyday , big exam onece a month and Leaving certificate for end of the school which is really important for the colleage . What I mean is the young people must study for them and which takes enough a lot of time . Hence it is difficult to have time for comminties . The second reason is there is so many ways to having fun at the weekend . In the past there were no Prikura machinne ( taking pictures of yourself and freinds. ) , Shopping , Game Center and Disco . They are very popular for young people . Hence they are much prefer to do them instead of helping comunties . Also in my opinion young people have an imagie for community which is too hard . They care more about their fashion , the points in school , Celeblities , gosships and all . They never interested in the real societies . As you can see the society and people has been cahnged . In other words young people have things to do for themselves . Although I know that they are selfish and ridiculous opinions but that is why i beleive young people nowdays do not give enough yimr y
(KOR,medium) I most certainly agree with this statement , `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' . The two examples of my experience and aspects of magazine workers will verify the truth of my position . A few days ago , my mother bouth a car cleaner which was advertised on television . The advertisement was too exaggerated . It said that every scratch can be eraised with that product . After my mother saw that advertisement , she bought one without hestitation because recently her car got a big scratch somehow . However , my mother and I found that it does not work as it advertised . We knew that we were diceived and decided not to believe anything advertised but only the experience of the others . There is another example . When I read the magazines , I always want to buy something advertised no matter it is expensive or not . By people who always focusing on selling the products to consumers , many magazines are decorated with fancy words and exaggerations . We need to consider about that group of people . In that peoples respect , they do not make products but only thing they have to do is make advertisements great so that they need to draw people . Their only purpose is to make people to buy that product which means they make advertisements make products seem always nice and perfect . Who woud show their shortcoming of products ? Because of the examples above , I believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they relly are . Every consumers have to be wise consumers which means they need to compare the real products and the advertisements before they purchase . So if one would like to buy the product only seeing the advertisements , I would like to say the one , ` Do not believe most advertisements but be wise and smart consumer ' .
(KOR,medium) My opinion is that , there will be less cars in use than there are today , in twenty years later . I will explain these with three support reasons . First of all , the new transport can be created . Our life is rapidly improving by technology development . There will be a car which fly the sky , or immidiate moving vehicles from one place to another in one second . This new technology make people not to use a car because it will require less energy to operate and it will be convenient , and faster than today 's car . Secondly , People use public transport rather than their own cars . every year , people who are using public transport such as buses , trains and subway is increasing . As the statistics , the reason why they take public vehicles are it takes less money , less time and convenient . If they have own car , it cost much money to filling petrol , parking fees , taxes , car insurance and fixing the car . As well as , the cost of petrol is rapidly increasing . Also , there are terrible traffic jams every morning . This is a reason why people use public transport rather than own car . This will make less cars than today in the futhure . Lastly , people are thinking about environment . Everybody knows that car pollutes air . Now a days , pollution is a big issue . This harms plants , animals and also humans . So , people are trying to reduce the pollution . So , people try to use public transport . In conclusion , my opinion is that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because our technology make new vehicle , people prefer to use public transpopt and people are thinking about environment .
(FRE,medium) There are many ways to study this subject . To begin with , we would tend to say that children are happier than older people , but I do n't think it is totally true . Let 's study it , explaining in a first part , why the younger should enjoy their life more than older people , in a second part , the contrary . First , young people are without doubt in a better health condition . It does a lot of job . Health is an important part of a happyness . When you get older , you become ill more often , and you have stronger weakness against diseases . Practising a sport is a real pleasure when you are able to do it . When we are under the age of 10 , we have no regrets ' thoughts when doing something , it is a real chance . And it is also the moment of many first-times , when you discover the world you live in . We all can remember amazing moments in our life that will stay written in our memory , due to the pleasure encountered . Why the older people would enjoy their life more than young people ? They have the knowledge . It helps having fun , when you know how to laugh about a subject or a situation . You better know how to satisfy yourself and your friends , because you got an entire life of experience . Then , I suppose there is the family : it is very enjoyable to see the babies of our own children , during the holidays for example . In some countries , old people do not work , they have all days to make what they want ; it is a kind of liberty . In a nutshell , I would say life is enjoyable wether you are young or old . Age is not that important , but the kind of situation that makes you satisfied change with the time . To my mind , people should take profit of each moment in a lifetime . It is the only key of a great life .
(KOR,low) The our social life is changing fater than ever before . in this society we always using cars for our living . the cars have the mportant part of our living . In my opinion , I disagree with the statement . this is because the cars are the definition of the modern transportation , the first reason is that , for example , in my case I usually used the car when I went to the supermarket and school . this is because the cars are the most comfortable to me , it is not for me , everybody feel these comfortable , but we think about the aspect of the envirometal . I worried about the air pollution , the air polution often can be acontroversial issue . however we dont have to do this worry about that , the other resources from nature are developing in thesedays . so we will can ride a car that derives from energy of sun . and the final reason is that the money for the cars is the less than other transportations . for instans , nowadays , the price of fuel is going down . for in my case , my car is small , so it need less fuel than other big cars , and than I do n't need to waste my money , we often take airplanes . the air planes fee is largly waste my money .
(JPN,medium) Personally I disagree that young people nowadays do not give enought time ti helping their communities . I have mainly three reasons . My reasons are points of support , economics , and security . One mainly reason is support of communities . In general , all people belong to their communities . Community support the people with tangible and intangible . For example , tangible support is fire resuque . If happened to fire , the people of neiborhood in community support you . Second example is intangible support . If disappeared activities in the communities , it is not vivid . Communities support you with spirits . Second mainly reason is economics . Communities depend on the economics of their communities . For example , if fully to take money with communities out resouces , the economics of the comunities is not surplus . Where is necesary of money ? It is taxations . the economics of the comunities without taxation is effectively and efficentally . The commitment of young people is good effects of the economics of their communities . Final my reason is security . The netwok in the community is good points of security . security is not free . In general , common services is free rider problem of macro economics . If young people commit their communities , the cost is lower . Therefore , I do not support that young people recently do not give enough time to helping their communities . I think that young people have to help their communities for own profits .
(FRE,high) Publicity is everywhere in our lives ; it spreads from the billboard across the street to the 5 minutes coming right at peak suspense of our favorite TV show . The idea of publicity is to make customers want to buy one product . There are several ways to achieve this goal , whether you make your audience laugh , or you get them excited or thrilled . The point is to make them feel good about themselves . For that , as no product itself can do that rightaway , it seems obvious to me that most advertisers to make their products look better than they really are . First , we can see that there is an issue of subjectiveness as it comes to deciding wether or not a product is shown `` better '' than he really is . There can be different point of views about the `` goodness '' of a product . But generally , no product reaches in real life the level of greatness that advertisements show . What is interesting to notice is that people are wholly aware of the exagerations that advertisements provide , but they agree to think that it is part of the game . No one actually believes everything that is shown on television . They know they wo n't yum everytime they eat a yoghurt , and they wo n't have an orgasm everytime they drink their coffee . This system preserve itself . If an advertisement has hard time sticking strictly to its product real qualities , the product will look flat compared to the other products displayed . It shows that an advertisement does have to emphasize and improve the qualities of the product it is advertising for . Of course there are legal limitations to the extense advertisers can get in making their product look good : This is important not to get into lies as far as quality is concerned . To conclude , I think that it is in the essence of advertisement to show people an idealistic world
(GER,high) In order to gain an opinion on the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' , I would have to first observe typical activities of both age groups . I would then have to come up with a system to measure enjoyment . The latter I am not capable of incorporating in such a short format , so that I am going to analize typical activities and - where appropriate - associate a value with them . What do young people like to do ? They travel , they like to consume fashion and music , they study and they do sports - and very often all at the same time . They certainly have the physical abilities to do so . Not quite as often do they have the funding . If indeed they do n't , they like to spend big portions of their time in front of the television or computer , watching shows , surfing the internet or playing video games . Often , these media represent a world , that these people would enjoy even more than their own lives . If young people do not do , what they `` like '' to do , they are usually too busy to enjoy life . Older people are not busy . They have time and money to travel , enjoy culture , and do sports . But all of that they can only do , if they are still healthy and active enough . Otherwise they like to fall into patterns similar to the ones described do . Often , these patterns involve TV or crossword-puzzles . By sarcastically creating prototypes of young and older people , I am expressing an opinion that is beyond agreement or disagreement with the opening statement . None of the groups enjoys life more than the other . It all depends on the individuals and what they make out of their living situation .
(KOR,high) There has been an argument regarding the issue that the best way to travel is a tour in a group generated by using tour agencies . Some people maintain that it is very beneficial to travel because it is cheaper and safer than traveling alone . However , I believe that traveling in a group is not effective way to appreciate foreign cultures . In this essay , I will present two reasons for my idea . First of all , traveling with group members impose restrict regulations to tourists . In general , each person has their own personal preference . People usually set priorities on different issues . To contend these various demands , schedules should be set by their own . However , tour guides cannot provide flexible regulations to people . This is because all of the schedules and regulations set by tour guides are focused to group people . For example , when I traveled in Paris by using a group tour , I had really wanted to go to Montrematre , famous streets in Paris . However , tour agency stronly opposed to my idea because there is dangerous place to foriegn tourists . In addition , no other person did not join to my plan , so I finally gave up to visit there . Seconly , touring in groups cannot provide wonderful memories to people . Generally speaking , one of the most important reasons that spring to people 's minds in relation to travel is enjoyable memory . If the person go to seesighting alone , it is common knowledge that visiting strange places has high possibilities to face accidents . However , people are dare to want to face that sudden accidents , and a result these happenings will be enjoyable memories . However , if people travel in a group , they will lose a lot of chances to their own memories . This is due to the fact that almost every tours conducted by tour guides offer limited and regulated schedules . A study conducted by the Department of Korean Tour Associations shows that seventy percent of Korean young people who once traveled in a group by travel agency answered that they did not satisfied with group travels . Taking all I mentioned into consideration , I believe that touring in a group by a tour guide is a not best option . This is because it offers restrict shedule and , cannot meet people 's diverse tastes .
(TUR,low) `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' . So so I agree this sentence moreover I suppose this think . I explain several facts : First , it 's truht due to the fact that one specific subject is one think ; however , many academic subjects are a lot of thinks furthermore they have got lots of different thinks in contrast one topic expert specialize subject can be more effective than different topic study many academic subjects for example , chemimal topics expert specific subject who give
(SPA,medium) I believe that every stage of life has its purpose . As the saying goes , ` there 's a time for everything ' . A time to enjoy being young and a time to enjoy being old . Surely , I can relate to the feeling of missing the younger years . Those times seemed to have been better than the now . When we are young we are usually happier , but , sadly , that is caused by ignorance and a lack of responsability . For example , people who are around 20 years old could seem to be happier than people over 30 , but that does n't mean that there are no complications in the younger way of life . When people are over 30 they are very likely to have been through the challenges in life that define a person and make him or her to be called an adult . Also , It could be very stressing to be an adolescent or even a kid , with all of those things that you need to survive to be able to call yourself a grown man or a woman . Older people seem to be less fun I suppose . But that is not the rule . There 's no need for us to expect that every grown up is boring and not funny . I believe that if people can find a way not to lose that spark they had when they were younger it could be a fun way of living for sure . I can see that life could become more and more enjoyable as we grow up , and I bet that it is going to stay that way as my yet young life spans into the future . Furthermore , I can recall being a kid and wishing to be smarter and more mature , I wanted to be able to understand life and the way things are in the world . And that vision can only be achieved through experience . in conclusion , I would say that I prefer to be old and wise than to be young and silly .
(TUR,low) Young people mostly experience things first . While doing new things that youngs did n't do before can enjoy them . Older peoples experienced most of the joy of the life , and to do that things again entartain less than youngs . Young people have more energy to do enjoyable things . Youngs are always in the way of doing new , more enjoyable things . So while capability of doing things gave youngs joy . Olders have less energy so they only use their energy to do the things that inevitable for thie life . They rest in most of their time , eat meals , sleep and do other requirements of life . They mostly cannot do what they want or what they do when they were young . The disability of doing the things that desired make olders unhappy . On the other hand olders think the death more than youngs . To think die in short time do the olders being pessimist about life . They think what they did in their lives most of time . The wrongs and right things . But the wrongs effect most . If he thinks of his life with full of errors he ca n't enjoy from the remaining life . But olders can enjoy when they bring their childrens , and see grandsons and granddaughters running around them respect them . Most of the olders desire this scene . If they can live this scene they can enjoy more than youngs .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the fact that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . When we travel to some new place for ex pushkar which is in India , this place is totally new to me and I have no idea on what exactly I should be seeing and look for . The significance of this place is known to me but other then that I have no clue what exactly it stands for . Tour guides are those people who will know the in and out of this place and they will have wide range of knowledge about this place and its tourist points . So once when we reach this place and visit places like Brahma temple which is one of its kind in the whole world , from these tour guides we will get to know more about the temple , the history , other significance etc . Apart from the temple they will take us to all the other places which is famous or has some other historic standing . And being in a group its always fun because we can have lot of interactions and have loads of fun . Apart from this if these tour guides are travelling with us from our starting point ( the place where we departed from ) they will take care of all the hotel bookings , our lunch / dinner , the number of days we need to stay , the amount of time we need to spend at each place and etc . So we tend to benefit more from them and the extra cost we will have to pay for this will be negligible . When the tour guide is taking care of all the above things we as tourist can just relax and enjoy the trip . The whole travel is organised in a proper way and it becomes a wonderful experience to be remembered for life long .
(HIN,medium) The issue at hand is whether or not young people give enough time to helping their communities . This is an important topic because it relates to the community development . In my opinion young people help their communities in many ways which certainly consumes their time . A main reason for view is that young people often come out to help their communities in the time of disaster . For example if an earthquake hits a particular area then youn ones come out in that area to collect the money from all over the world . They advertise it in the paper , on internet , in TV and everywhere other possible places . Not only that the earning young people give their salary to help their community . To organise and collect money for such noble cause , it certainly demands time . Thus the young people are giving their valuable time to help their community . Another reason for my point of view is that young people devote lot of time in reasearches and for carrying out innovations . For example if the old person doesnot hear properly then young ones right from the day of their cihildhood think of inventing something that can help the older people hear more properly . Many of them carry out such inventions also . It 's also a sort of devoting time towards the community helping . In this way also , they devote time towards helping their community . Lastly , young people manytimes carry out demonstrations in case some epedemics spread in an area . They , in the evening or some other suitable time , go and tell their people of the community what precautions should be taken to avoid the spread of such epedimics . Many young people just volunteer to the government aided services in such cases on their own . Such kind of act from the young ones shows that they care their community and they devote their precious time for helping their community . In sum young people care their community a lot . They help their community in one way or other . All such activity certainly demands time . On the whole young people apart form carrying out their duty devote their precious time towards helping their community .
(KOR,medium) Nowadays many people go to travel . Most of time they firstly should chose place where they want to go , then will think of whom they want to go with . In a group or individual way ? There are some benefits to travel in a group led by a tour guide . However , there are many reason why I believe that the best way to travel is an individual trip . It is more enjoyable and economical . The threshold reason I like individual way to trip is that I can enjoy my time with myself . Travel is the best way to find one 's self . If I want to think deeply , I need to be alone , but unfortunately , in a group , that 's almost impossible to happen . I have to consider what other people want to do since I 'm in a group led by a guide . Sometimes I have to do and go what and where which I do n't want to . More over , I like to sit and read while I 'm in foreign places , and this is also difficult to happen if I 'm in a group . The second reason is that I do not spend more money than what I planed . Sometimes the tour guide leads people some store where they are connected by little commition . In this case most of time people or I tend to buy something by accidentially . This is the one of many benefits why I like individual trip rethar than group tour with guide . I know there are also some benefits to travel with group and guide . I do not lose on the street in foreign place , do not need to worry about hotel and schedul . But , then , there are no way and nothing to learn from my travel . Trip is an adventure in our life . Since I believe that is the best way to find myself , I would like to go my trip alone rether than with a group led by a guide .
(HIN,medium) Although it looks that young people tend to enjoy more than older people as the are young , full of energy and free from any kind of ailments . but on the basis of my personal experience i think if a person plans his life properly his going to enjooy more his oldage than his youth . he according to me his ` own ' life only when he reaches the fag end of his life and enjoy thye life in its real terms . let us take an example of a person who has recently retired from his job and a person who has recently joined his job . As i have said earlier if he is financially strong than he has virtually no worry at all . since he has no tension of going to office , catching bus etc he can start his day as per his wish . while the young fellow cannot allow his such wish as he has to attend the office . By the time a person reaches that age his as suuficed his thurst for achiving new positions , and hence is completly free of mind having no tension of acheving new targets or proposing new project . On the other hand the young fellow will struggle a lot to make his reputation in the company and also to make his future secure in the company . mostly old age people by this time are free from their family liabilities , there children are well settled and they have not worry about them , they can spend there money completely accoring to there wish and do every thing that they once wanted to do in their l on the other hand the of so called energetic young person is loses a lot of his energy fighting and keeping himself up in the cutting age competition . more over many things he cannot do for himself because he has a family dependent on him , he cannot buy his dream car because he has to educate his kid and for that he needs money . As far health is concern physcially he ( the young man ) may look fit but mentallly his more troubled .
(ARA,high) Actually I strongly agree with that most advertisements make produts seem much better that they really are . which is really unfair for the consumer to be mislead to believe that this product they are advertising is great and can perform its action perfectly . Simply they make you feel that you can never live without it ( even if you do n't really need it ) And they usually pray on children , teenagers and people that tend to believe everthing . Advertisements usually use to techniques , first one , convincing you that this product ideal for you and that it perform its job with efficency , precice and with minimal effort from your side . Like for example Swiffer Duster , they mentioned in the advertisement that it wipes all the dust completely in one strok specially on tight places , ofcourse much better than your usual old duster , and that it is stong enough to get the whole job done with minimal effort from your side that you would like to dust all day long . While in reality , and I speak from my personal experiance , It dos n't really remove all the dust you have to pass it several time on the same area to ensure that it 's free from dust . also id you used it in tight spaces the duster might attach its ends to each other making it hard to clean the area in question and the last proplem with tis duster that you need to use several dusting parts ( since the dusting parts are disposable ) to clean the whole house and not only one attachment as they inferd . The second technique is that they try to show you that you ca n't live without it and that your life was really hard and need help before you know about this products , They do this by stating all all the benifits from using this product and completely egnore to state the defects of their product and even mislead you to believe that it does n't have any defects . An example of this technique is advertising for durgs specially antidepressant drugs and sleeping aid drugs . people might not even need this drugs but by hearing about them and their benefits all the time they start to think that they might really need them when thet do n't . I wish their was more supervision on the advertisement so that they would send more accurate complete informations about their products and to decrease the amount of drug product advertisements by incresing the spectatue awarness .
(CHI,high) I disagree the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Being different age stage , older people have different spirit world with the young people . Firstly , Old people have more abundant experience in their lives than that of young people . Young people will have a lot of risks to attempt to do everything that they have not meet with , and they will suffer the failure that the world gives to them . When they feel fail they will rely on the older people to help or to share the experience that the young people have not . And the older people enjoy the quiet and idely life in the world . They can do everything calmly and happly , they will happy to teach the young people the proper ways that live in the world . They have so many nice memories that happened in their past life , even meeting with failure , they will become more wiser and sophysicated . Secondly , Old people have little stress from the society . In the advancing technology society , with the advent of new technology and discovery , young people feel the great stress in the society , they must advance their knowledgy and technology level to fit with the fast pace of the society . They should work hard to make money and not be dropped out by the peers in the intense competition . However , the older people have no stress , Also they will benefit from the advanced society . because they have accomplished the task and have more time to share the achivement they made in their young times . They can do fishing and travele by airport not just spend more time on train as past , they will communicate with their friends on Internet , not must to write a letter that will arrive at their friends after a few days . They will have the happiness to teach their granddaughters . Of course , the young people has so many enjoyment in this world . Their curiousity make them to discover new things . It is so wonderful to taste the different foods in differend country and feel the different culture in other countries far away from the country they live in . They have the energy to climb the mountains that abundant their adventure experience in their lives . They have so many chance to see the change of the world . In summary , Older people will enjoy the wonderful world in their ways , and young people will also find so many interesting things continuesely in the world .
(SPA,high) There is no one universal way to be successful in life . We all would like to know the way we could be successful in any or many aspects of our lifes . But , the reality is that there is not just one way that we can follow that will asure us of being successful . I believes that one of the many different ways we can try to be successful will be not to be afraid of trying diferent things . We will not always have the opportunity to try things in a diferent way . But , everytime time it is possible for us to do what we are trying to do in a different way than the way we are used to do it , we should not be affraid of do it . There are some people that believes that in order to make a big profit , ones have to take a big risk . This theory will apply not only in the economics , but also in many other different aspects of our lifes . We can make big profits or get a lot of beneficits after taking a big risk at school or even in our personal relationships . In our finances banks usually calculate the interest they will pay you for your money based on the amount of risk that you are taking . If you want to be very safe with your money you can open a saving account or a CD . These account will be a very safe way to keep your money but it will not pay you a lot of interest . You can be safe by staying within your confort zone in an especific area . Doing that , you will avoid doing things that you may not be good at but it will also limited the amount of areas that you can be successful at . Tere are many ways in how we can became successful . It will all depends of the amount of risk that you are willing to take at the time of doing somethings that you have not tried to do before . Do new things , try different ways , push your limits and see how far you can go .
(TEL,high) `` Give me ten young Indians and I 'll change the world '' - Swami Vivekananda I strongly believe that young people are the backbone of any community and I disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . The first participation will always come from the youth be it any type of community work in all the extreme situations . I feel that youth play a major role in shaping of the community and its upliftment on the whole . I would like to present a glaring example for the same . Recently our country witnessed the worst tragedy - Tsunami which engulfed innumerable lives . The sea ravaged the entire coastal strip and people lost their life , families , food and shelter for none of their mistakes . I would like to highlight the participation of youth in rehabilitation works in the effected regions . India overcame such a crisis with in no time due to the young people who spent sleepless nights for the rehabilitation work . Young people from all the software companies , NGOs and student organisations thronged the entire area for rescue operations . I was also part of my college troop BITS - TSUMANI who participated in the relief measures . Not only this be it any crisis , first hand help is always given by the young people . In addition to the crisis management , young people also play a role in moulding their community . Just to state a few , they take part in maintaining the cleanliness of the society , security considerations , creating public awareness , health camps and the list is never ending . Some active youth organisations like NSS , indulge in the rural development . They spread awareness in the rural areas and they serve a means for serving the poor and the needy . At last but not the least I cannot forget the young men in the armed forces safeguardign our nation risking their own lives . My salutations to them always . In the broader sense their might be raising modernisation but the involvement of youth in helping the community cannot be under rated .
(SPA,high) I think that in a certain way you can learn more from places if you go with a tour guide but probably will not be much funnier than going with your friends . Also if you go with a tour guide you need to wake up at an specific time and be at that moment in the place he told you or if not you will missed that trip . I think that if i want to travel to a place i will need to analyze for what purpose i want to go . If I want to go only for pleasure or if i really want to know the turistic places and their history . Probably I will decide to travel with friends but i will go to the tourism offices to get information about the touristic places of the city and select which places we like the most and visit them . If the place will require a tour guide we will pay for it if not we will only enjoy the place and the moment . Sometimes going with a tour guide makes you feel bore because you cannot go to eat or sleep at the time you want because you need to finish the program he have . But for example if I go to a city for few hours or only for a day i will choose to go with a group led by a tour guide because probably if i go by myself i will not have enough time to visit many places and know the city . In other words i can say that if you want to stay for many days in a place you can go visit places that seems interesting for you and later pay for the attention of a tour guide to talk you about the history of the city .
(KOR,low) In the course of our lifetimes , most of people get education . I agree with that satement . to understand ideas and concepts are more important than it is for them to learn fact . first , to understand ideas and concepts leave long time to mind . second , to understand make students find facts themselves . these reasons developing this essay . Frist , to understand ideas and concepts leave long time to students mind or brain . That means , just learn facts are not going to leave temporaty to students . because they know about facts thus they are not try to find facts . for example , I have been read the article which is about student 's studying behavior . it tells about when students solve the threir math problems , some student can see the answer sheets , however others ca n't . the result is to solve the math problems without the answer sheets students keep try to understand find the answer and to understand . Second , to understand ideas and concepts make students find facts thenselves . if before they knew about the fact of problem , they do not want to get proof of the problem . it makes student lazy . if always students get fact easily , they can not adoped with to understand idea . for example , here is one student , who knows fact but does not know how to ~ ? or why ? that student can not develop own ability . In conculusion , the best way is to understand ideas and concepts and than find or learn fact . and the fastest way is to learn facts . however , student have to learning whatever also they have to keep trying own their works . therefore more important for atudents to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
(HIN,medium) This question is making me to think . Young people are giving enough time to helping their communities . I belive they dont . I can explained my view with many points . Some of them are as below . Young people in todays world are busy in themselves . They start working at early age . Most of them study and work as a part time . They are mainly focused on study and work . They don t have time to thing about their community . They dont consider it is important for them to help their community . They don t care about others . They are clueless about their life and their duties towards their communities . For e g if you ask any young person what he wants to do to the community . He will replay that they don t have time for that . Basically they are busy with something which is not valuable . They are busy with their own interests . Some of them enjoy going out , traveling every week ends , goining out to parties and spend their weekends doing nothing but enjoyment . Then they want toclaim that they don t have time . It is very difficult task to make them understant that they owe some responsibilities towards the community they belong to . Having not enough time is not the real reason for that . Basically they don t have helping attitude in them . We should help them to realize that they can get time if they want . If there is will they can . According to my opinion it s parents duty to make them understand their duties towards their community . They should take out somr tiome from their schedule and use that time to help their communities . It is their duty and they should do it without any reason . They are living here .
(ARA,low) I disagree with this statement because when i travel alone , i will just care about my self . But if i travel with a group , i will take care of all of them . inadditon , traneling alone is saver , cheeper and more interesting than with a group . first , it is saver because when people travel alone , they will focus in the road that they are driving on . For example , once i traveled from city to an other city by a car and alone at night . while i was driving my car , i saw a big camel on my way . i thought that i would die but i passed this animal because i was focussing and also lucky . second , it is cheeper because people who travel alone , they will need less food and less drink than others , For example , when i travel with my friends to somewhere , we stop to eat in restaurant but when i travel alone i just eat anything from any store
(CHI,medium) Huge number of advertisements permeate every aspect of our life nowadays . Some of them really seems like to have the magic to attract peoples ' eyes . But , are all these advertisement real enough ? In my opnion , it is true that most adcertisement make products seem much better than they really are . First , shining advertisements can make more profits for businessmen . Because all the businessmen want to win more customers , they have to beatify their productions . If the advertisements are attactive , more and more customers will by their products . In addition , if the real products just consistent with what advertisements says , maybe the businessmen will gain less probits . Second , the beautified advertisements become a culture to our society nowadays . People are under great pressure and they are always engaging themselves in working and studying . So we need something simple but interesting to stir our creation amnbition . Then these pretty advertisements come . Though they are not real and even confuse people in some way , they gives us a lot of fun through the boring life . Finally , as the new technology is booming , they allow the advertisers to improve their advertisements . Thus , things like computer technology , comic add to the adervertisement . It seems impossible that advertisements not as good as real entites . In a conclusion , there are both benefits and disadvantages of beautified advertisement . When we enjoy them , we also should keep an eye on them .
