(HIN,high) I agree with the notion that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years from now , then there are currently based on certain facts and projections . Firstly , we all know how the gasoline prices are rising everywhere . Although part of the reason is political , there is no doubt that the amount fuel in reserves has dwindled rapidly . For a common commuter that means an additional cost , a cost which is not increasing with his/her income . Slowly this would lead to people shifting to public transport . The goverments are also working in various countries to improve there public transport systems especially in the big cities . Sooner or later most people would have access to good and efficient public transport . Secondly , as the population in cities is rising there is lesser space for housing consequently either the cities would get bigger or more housing would be built in the space which is available as of now . If the cities get bigger , the distances might become to large for people to drive on their own . Most people would , I feel , prefer getting on to a train and bus . Not having the discomfort of driving these long distances and maybe getting some work done on the way . If more housing has to be built in the city , then the parking spaces and wide roads will have to go . In this case most definitely people would have no option but to leave their cars and rely on public transport . FInally , with the rise in global temperatures being linked to green house emissons , the time is not far when governments would start charging exceptionally high taxes from people who are producing these gases to compensate for the nvironmental damage . The car owners , I think , would be one of the first to get hit with these taxes . So unless some radical new fuel which is both cheap and clean comes up in the next five to ten years , I think we are looking at much fewer cars twenty years from now in our urban environment .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the idea that successful people try to new things and take risks ratehr than only doing what they already know how to do well . There are some reaosns to support my opinion . In the begining , most people may consider star players , like baseball player , as successful people . I guess that most famous players try new things and take risks to improve themselves . For instance , Japanese baseball players wish to play in the United States because they think the US is the number one baseball country . Such as Ichiro Suzuki on Seattle Mariners , he left Japan and went to the United States to try to reach the summit of himself as a baseball player . He said `` I want to improve my baseball '' . If he continued to play baseball in Japan , he would not take risks rather than play baseball in the United States . It is so difficult to be a star baseball player in the US rather than in Japan because there are so many popular foreign players in the US . In other hand , there are mostly Japanese players in Japanese Professional Baseball League . I think people are educated or improved by taking risks . In my case , I came to the United States from Japan three years ago because of my father 's job . My father said to me that `` you did not have to come with me '' . My father worried about that I would be troubled with foreign language . However , I came here because I want to improve my English skills . In the first year of my staying in the US , it was horrible . I could not understand almost all words what teachers said . I was so depressed ; however , I really wanted to become a good English speaker although I have to take much risks or I need tons of effort for that . Right now , I hope my English skill is improved by living in the US . Thus , I believe that I will become a successful person in the future by taking an active part of my experience in the United States because I take much risks while I stay in the United States . Therefore , I agree with the opinion that successful people try to new things and take risks .
(KOR,medium) First of all , I totally disagree with the following statement . And the reasons follow . One , by my personal experience , traveling by a tour guide is way more expensive than by on own . Because the travel company which the guide is associated in always suggests expensive hotels with bad status and flights . In that case we might not able to chance to stay in nice hotel with cheap price and have no season discount on flight either . For example , one of my friend went Germany from Korea with a flight costed more than $ 1000 through the travel company , but I went same country following week , less than $ 850 with getting season descount on my own . One more thing is that guide always lead the travelers only to famous spots which are listed on the itiniery . In that case you wo n't get chance to visit some nice place that only few people know . I once had a chance to stay on a nice old castle in France . Most of friends are jealous and are dying to visit their after saw the picture I took . Two , traveling in a group may be safe sometimes . According to the 8 years of personal traveling experience , most travel accidents occur in a group traveler . Because when we travel in a group by a tour guide , people are always crowded and they are usually paying attention to the guide . And that causes accidents such as robbery . One of my roommate once traveled Spain in a group with a tour guide and the guide said pay attention because they were passing the important spot the guide stated . And he had paid attention . But while he were doing so a stranger cutted out his camera . Three , if we travel alone we get a chance to make international friends . I still keep in contact with them and when they visit my country I guide them . Finally , traveling in a gruop is not always good in many reasons .
(TEL,medium) I disagree with this statement that their will be afewer cars from now after twenty years . Cars are one of the useful inventoin that are science has made . It is one of the useful mode of transpot in the recent days . In the recent times cars are used by all the classes of people in the societyi . e , is the middle , higher and the lower class of people . Its use has been improving by day by day . I t is one of the most convenient mode of troansport unlike the busses , trains , automobile etc . Transport by acar is at once own convinence . Its not like you have to wiat for or go out pf the house much early to get the transport on time . Having once own car is very convinient . In the presernt times people are very busy no time to waste at all you cant wait for abus or atrain to get a means of transport . In the futher years car users will go on because of their busy lives to save the time In the recent times many models of the car have been made which are at ahigh sale in the market . Ifeel that many more models will surely come up in the mere future to meet the demand . The other factor of many cars nowdays and the days to come is that owing or maintaing a car is a sign of status in the society so all the people would like to maintain ahigh status in the societyhence they would buy acar . When the demand goes on a high rate the production of the cars will definatly has to meet the demand not only that many banks and other organisations renders many sources or loans to own a car so inspite of souring prices also people dont stop buying cars .
(FRE,medium) It depend , i think that some old people enjoy life more than young people because they are mature to know what they really have in their life , they have lived many thing , they have managed many things . Some old people want to enjoy their life more than when they were young because they have all the time for , children have left and they do not work again so they have the possibility to travel where they want they can go all around the world whithout thinking about the others , they can live for themselves . I know a woman who is 70 years old and who like every sport with sensation like she said to me , she like go in contries to fly in a small plane and she like take her moto in the forest , she would like participate at a moto competition in the desert but her doctor forbide her to do that but i think that she will do that when she could . this woman is a real phenomenon , i love her very much as my grand mother . she is very amasing . So old people can be very unpredictable , they have many resources in them when they really want . I think that if she was young again , and whith a aware , she will be a great volcan and we can not stop her . And on the other hand , some young people can think that they enjoy life more than old people because they have enough time for life because they are also young , they have strength to practice every sports , they can go every where because they do not have responsibility yet , they have the beauty of skin like old people are too old they can not practice every sports So i think that young people are too young to pretend enjoyed their life more than old people but it can be possible for some old people who have never having fun in their life like people who have never mooved out of their city and who do not like young people who have fun .
(HIN,high) The statements touches upon a very contraversial topic . It is true that young people spend more time on parties and traveling than the old people . However , I completely disagrees with the idea that young people enjoy life more than the older people do . I have many reasons for my belief . It is true that because of age a older person would not be able to enjoy the party life and traveling around the world . But it is equally true that not only physical activities , but also other activities contribute to the definition of `` enjoying life to its fullest '' . To give an example , I had a mathematics professor who helped me prepared for compitive exams and standadised tests out side the syllabus . Although he was retiered , he had a true passion for maths and even at age of eighty he used to solve many challenging puzzles and do recreational mathematical work . Apart from mathematics , he also had a group of friends , with whom he used to play cards and always participate in various district and national level compititions in chess . He also kept visiting his two sons once every year and taught his grandsons the secretsof leading a successful life . From all these and many more activities , he derived the immense pleasure of leading a healthy life . On the otherhand , consider the yonger generation , where many people commit numerous crimes in the name of having fun in life . These people suffer severely , when they have to face the punishments offered by the law for their arrogant attitude . We can find numerous examples of young people commiting inexcusable crimes and facing the punishment for life . On the contrary , in such cases the young people have to face more sorrows in life than the old people do . I strongly believe , that to enjoy life , one must have the ability to give joy to other people and share thier sworrows , in whatever small ways possible . On can achive the ultimate joy of life only if he is successful in creating a harmony in the community around himself . And I strongly believe there is no age limit to do this , and hence there is no age limit to be happy in life .
(HIN,medium) yes i do believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in ur as there are today . the advancement in science and technology will provoke creative minds to introduce new and enhaced ideas of communication . i would like to support my belief by taking examples of other means of communication , and an extra regard for the environment . taking into consideration my first example , i belive that the world is always developing and advancing and looking fer newer and better techniques to move towards the future . human beings as social individualsa liek chnages . therefore , there will be certain innovative minds that will bring up advanced and more practical means of communication in later stages of the generation . peoples concept of communication will change as whole . they would want to experiwence and create new modes of transport that will make their life easier and much more comfortable . in the monotonous and hectic schedule of everyday life , people would prefer better means of trasportation to relive them of their stress of travelling . taking my second example , i also feel that the ucrrents effects of global warming that are threatening the life on earth will be more dominant in later stages due to the reckless destruction and exploitation of our environment . environmentalists will recieve their wake up call at that stage thus provoking them to come up with more environment safe methods of transportion as tranport being one of the major cause of pollution . this will promote the introduction of large modes of transport that will carry mass populations , hence saving money and fuel . therefore reduction of cars will help in preservation of our natural sources and will help protect our environment which turn will benefit us . the alarming increase in CFC 'S and carbon dioxide will provoke scientits to come up with solutions that will save us from various dangerrs . to conclude , i strongly claim that the reduction in the number of cars is bound to happen . i have proved and clarified my view through my above given examples of better means of transport and protection of environement . therefore i feel that the number of cars will be replaced my the number of other modes of transport that is costeffective and benefial to the environemtn as well as to human life .
(TUR,high) It has been such a long time since I completed my academic education and has been working as a professional that it is impossible for me not to agree with this statement . Sooner or later school comes to an end and professional world starts . In the Turkish educational system you have to decide on what you want to do at a very early age and that decision does not always turn out to be the ` right ' one for you . What are you suppose to do when you realise that you have made the wrong decision at the very beginning . It is very hard to start from all over again . As an experienced professional I belive having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is always better than specializing in one specific subject , for it gives you the space , in other words the freedom you need until you decide what you really want to do . It will be easier for a person with many aspects to get a job in the professional world rather than wait for the ` specific ' opportunity . When one applies for a job it will be to his benefit to be aware of many subjects , for the bosses are usually looking for young people with a broad vision , eager to learn and capable of applying what they have learned . I also believe that after deciding that one is on the right path , specializing in that field is inevitable if one wants to promote . I would like to finish with giving an example from myself ; I graduated from business administration , I worked in a travel agency , in a factoring company and at the moment working for a non-profit organization as an expert on the European Union and I owe all this to the broad knowledge of many academic subjects I learned in school .
(KOR,medium) I agree the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . As much as time goes by , older people got more experience from the lives and they already have some fierce . So many older people do n't want to try new things such as education , travelling , and culture , etc . But the young people are different . They are ambitious and they are always willing to learn new things . I usually get happiness from learning . As my opinion , I think young people enjoy life more than older people do because older people have less chance to learn rather than young people . As time goes by , the number of entertainment increases . In the past , people should work for living but now people make money for the entertainment and qualities of thier lives . Young people have more opportunity to enjoy their lives than older people do . For example , my father is very hard-worker and he does n't have free time for himself . Sometimes , he looks like working robot . I want him not to work too hard and do whatever he likes but working becomes his routine life . My father has worked hard for the living and he ca n't stop working even though he is enough rich . I think my father is similar with any older people . Goal of the lives is different between young people and older people . So I think young people enjoy life more than older people do . I ca n't say which generation is happier than other generation because everyone has different conceptions of happiness . It does n't matter how people live but it is important to enjoy their own lives . People should have their own happiness and do their best to achieve the happiness .
(TEL,medium) The main topic is abot when the people enjoying there life , when they are young and old . People do enjoy there life in every part of there lifes . Hear we compared two kind of people who are young and the people who are older . When you take younger one they are new to the world , they dont now what is true and what is wrong they purly depend on there parents . They majorly have only there works they are eat , play and sleep . They eat food to gain energy after gaining the energy they spend there energy by playing and after geting week they go for sleep . These are the main three functions they do in there child hood . They dont have no tention about there life . These how children enjoy there child hood . When you take a person who is old enough , he is totaly independent of him self . what ever he has earned in his younger life he has rite to spend his money . But if the person did not saved any money . His life will become horible , no one takes care of him . Even in that age he has to work for the daily food . They might have even some helth prodlems in that ase there is no chance of enjoing . In countries like U.S.A. they perfer leaving indepertant . At the age of 15 or 16 they try to de indepatement . they think of them self when it comes to the old age , that is the time where they need support . I say that people enjoy there most of the life in child hood compared to old people .
(FRE,medium) I believe that traveling in a group lead by a tour guide can be very funny , but saying is the best way to travel may not be sure in my point of view . There are other ways to travel which can bring more fun and more joy . First of all , i think that traveling with a tour guide can be very good to learn some things about the place where you are going because the tour guide usually know many things about the places you visit with them . But , i also think that traveling with them removes you the possibilities of discovering things on yourself and for me that is quite better . Secondly , you can also travel alone . This is most for people who like adventure , it is a good way of traveling also because you are going to meet some new people . You will surely more learn of the culture and habits of the place where you are going but for me it can be very sad to travel alone . And finally you can also travel with a group of friends or members of your family which is not led by a tour guide . It can be weird because you are going somewhere with people you might see all the time but i really think you can have more fun and enjoy more your journey , because the people you are moving with are people you know and people who knows you . To conclude , i like the idea of traveling alone or in a group led by a tour guide but i really think that me i prefer traveling with people who shared some things with me before than traveling with people i do n't know .
(TEL,medium) I agree with that , the successful people will try new things and take risks rather than doing only what they already know how to do well because he can get into learn new things which may be useful for his future life with good knowledge , these people put all the effort inorder to try new things with good determination and great hardwork they enjoy the risk when they fed with some sort of problem by which they come to knowledge of the problem and overcome it . A successful businessman in the market in his field can overcome with the success in other field because of his knowledge and keen interest in the business experiences he had faced . this happens in every successful person where a person when reached to his goals in life should not quit with that but set the new and try to achieve it . For example , one of my friend who moved US to pursue his higher studies . He is not so familier with the american english but with an interest to learn he joined the english program at kaplan and succeded well in american english , now he can understand the conversation in the class and can speak to anyone , before this he dont know what they say after he ask something . When he was here he worked in hospital whenever he finds someforeigners he go to them and tries to speak in english to learn from them which can be useful for his higher studies abroad . I agree with the people who try to learn new things rather than they know well to do are successful people where they can acquire different fields of knowledge which had happened in my friend matter . I agree the statement that explained here which is relevant with my friend .
(ARA,low) i am compelety confident and agree with that the student should be understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . in the frist , the theory and the priciple the one of the techniqe of logical thinking and the basis of the knowlge in all sector . conpects are given the student the ability to improve his talent and chalenge any problem faced his in his life by choosing the correct tools , brain storming , making the strategy and studying the case by evaluated or comparing with another case . concepts and ideas always have a chance to improve and develop by using the key of mind ability to produce a new product or solve problem and consider foundation of all infromation gathering in our life . and give the emotive for society to work harder and making life easier . in othe wise , facts consider in only information or phenoumina and may be will not repeated again in defferent condition . finally , if we are learn the concept , we will catch the world and improve our life and if we are learn the facts , we will repeat our life .
(GER,medium) I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy their life more than older people . In my opinion there are a lot of ways enjoying life that are also suitable for older people . So the age is not an indicator or enjoying life . Perhaps it seems to be obvious that young people enjoy their life much more than older people by having more activities and doing sports that usually are not associated with older people . But doing that much sport like some young people is not an direct evidence of having a good time . For example there are many older people that travel the whole world after they have n't to work anymore . Travelling the world and visiting several countries is in my opinion a very good way to enjoy life . In addition to that there are a lot of older people that do many things up to a very high age . For example politicians are normally above 60 years old and probably enjoying their work . Additionally , in my own family my grandpa did a lot of work in the garden up to an age of 86 like he did as gardener before . Finally I constantly experience another example for older people enoying their life . When I go to the swimming pool in the morning , the most people are older than 60 . While swimming they are talking with each other and enjoying the morning sun . As mentioned above people who have n't to work anymore have much more time to concentrate on their hobbies than younger people . So if enjoying life would really be indicated by the activities of the people , older people can concurate with young people basically by having more time . I could imagine a life for me in a few decades in which I have the time and the money to build me an own home cinema . So I would really enjoy my life despite my high age . In conclusion the given points above show that the age is not an indicator for enjoying life .
(JPN,medium) I think it is much better to speiclalize in a certain subject . for the following reasons . First , in modern soceity , as the science have depeloped countless subjects like clozing techniques have been created . In addition , the subjects can be classified to many branches that contains a lot of infomatrion . So if you try to have broad knowlege of many academic subjects , you will end up skimming only the surface of them and you will not practically know the subjects . On the other hand , by choosing one or two speicif subjects learners can focus on them . If you specialize the subject . You might improve and develop the subject that wll provide a great benefits to the society . Second , If everyone wants and tries to have broad knowlege and avoid specializing a subject . There will be no future in each subjects . They will lose the heirs of reseach and not only be developed but also begin to regress . As the result , the society will no more expect to gain benefits form academic subjects and reseach . Third , if each person specialize one thing , he might interact with others who have other specifict information . Tthere are many cases that a ceatain subfect will require some information on other sujects . For example , take a look at an erectric dictionary . You can benefit from it very much . But what if there is no specific technique to desigh and produce an erictric badged could only good translators and interpreters make en erectric dictionary ? It will need both the tranlators and erectric engineers and even more experts on different subects . I definitely suggest that people should specialize one and help others in case
(ITA,high) I am 25 years old , so my personal experience only covers half of the statement , the part regarding young people ; however i can look at my relatives or at other elder people to infer something about how do thay enjoy life . In a first appoximation , I think that each one enjoy his \ her life in a different way , so it is not easy to generalize this evaluation distinguishing between younger and older people . However , I have to point out that a necessary ( even not sufficient ) condition for a person to enjoy his \ her life is to have a good health ; and it is statistically true that older people have more chances to have a bad health Apart from this first consideration , there are some other matter of facts about how youngers and olders conduct their lifes . In fact , a very important consideration has to be done about work . Younger people have to work harder than the olders that often are on retirement , so the younger have less time to spend for their own enjoyment ( and , depending on the retirement system , they can also have less money ! ) . Nonetheless , young people have more opportunities to have fun because most of enterteinments better fits to them ( such as discos , some kinds of sport activities , some kinds of concerts or travels , etc . ) . The negative aspect connected with this wider range of opportunities is that sometimes young people suffer of a kind of `` anxiety '' of having fun and doing lots of things , which ends to make them always unhappy with what they are doing . In fact , it is true that maybe older people have a different way of approaching to life that allows them to get the best from every situation and to enjoy more of simple things . This different `` way of appreciating '' things perhaps derives from their maturity , their whole experience and make their lifes more relaxed and sometimes more serene . In conclusion , I think that it is not possible to completely agree or disagree with the statement because it depends on individual attitudes and external conditions how a person can enjoy his \ her life during different periods . Once more I see that life is more complicated and people are more different one to another than it can be described in a short phrase .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the this statement that there will be fewer cars in use in next 20years . I think people drive more cars than nowdays . In the future , people will have more money than now , and there will be many place to go to enjoy life . Also people will think privacy so important . So they would not share the car . Many kinds of cars also effected that there would be more cars than today . As time goes by , world is becoming so convinient place to live in , and technology improves fast . People will have more money than now , for example my father boughts first car when he was 30 , but nowdays many university student have cars including me. many young people prefer to buy car when they grduate highschool , because they have enough money to pay the car . Also there are lots of places that people can play . As economy is developed people prefer to go to outside in the leisure time . Because of young people has many chance to earn money , they go to lots of places with family , girl friend , and friends . So they want to have their own car . because it is easier to go there when they have their own . In the future , worth of privacy would become more important . The socilal life would be very complex and stressful , people want to go somewhere alone in their free time . As for me , when I have so much stresses I drive alone to beach . Also people does n't want to somebody interrupt when they want to rest . For example when I was dating with my girl friend I hate to somebody is wathing me or talk to me . If they have their own car they do n't worry about somebody disturbs them . Last of all there would be various car to drive . there would be various desings of car . So if soomone who has lots of money , they world try to many cars , such as sports cars . In future , people would have more money , and have many chance to spend thier money . They will buy their own car to go to many places easily and does n't want to share the car . Also various types of car would make rich people want to drive that car . For these reasons , I think there would be more cars than nowdays .
(JPN,medium) It is said that if we make success in our lives , we should try new things which we are unfamiliar and let put ourselves into new situation . This is like some catch phrases of some advertisements . I do not 100 % agree with this theory because people who can make success are only people who have found their devotions or niches . The reason why I stated I did not 100 % agree with giving statement on left page was that I could agree with the point of trying new things in order to make success . I think trying new things is very good for us because we fully utlize our experiences and knowledges , which reflect how we enthusiastically have lived in each of our lives , and concentrate to solve problems in each moment . Such experience definitely guide us to grow up and become more mature than before ; thus , it will increase the percentage of our success due to our own personal development . However , if we refer only making success like giving statement above , it si different soty . We are able to make success without making anything new . Whether or not we can male success depends on whether or not we can be passionate with what we are doing . Although what we do is sort of repetetive things , eventually we can meet success as long as we enjoy them and keep being motivated . Biologically , human brains are supposed to work well when we enjoy what we do and want to devote them . When we look back to history , it proves that people who keep their effort toward one thing and dedicate themselves into it have bacome famous historical person , such like scholers or artists , etc . We can always go to next chapter when we hope to do it . It is not necessary to try new things and take resks for it . The important thing is that figuring out our own devotions , niches . If we feel what we do is not we can be passionate , then we should urge ourselves to try new things . We should always believes our brain 's fuctions which lead us to sucess as long as we are passionate , enjoying what we do , and alway have vision to make success .
(TUR,high) Being succesful person is the dream of nearly everyone . Since we have started going to school , our family and our teachers advise us to be successful people and they show us many different tecniques for being successful . I believe that being succesful can not be done with the tecniques that people show us . I agree wit the idea that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' . Just as stared above , for me being succesful means being innovative person . I believe repeating something that has already done does not make people successful . But of course for being a successful person should know what people have done before . For example a sociologist already know what other theorists have said . So it is so easy for a sociologist to repeat what other teorist have said in his article . But I think this is not a success . Successful people should bring new ideas and even sometimes should take risks and challenge the existing ideas . Without challenging existing ideas or bringing new perspectives a sociologist can not be a successful person . When we look at the history we see many names who originatd new ideas . But nobody knows the other names , only their names are known . It is obvious that , trying new ideas always take some risks but do you think , we would be familiar with the Einstein if he did not take that risk ? Of course no , Einstein was perceived as a crazy man when he originated his famous theory but the time showed that he was right and time proved that he was a genious . Of course he faced with many difficulties because of trying new ideas and if he only applied the things that he already knew , nobody would remember his name today . It is obvious that making the things that you know very well is the easiest way . you can be happy by doing that , you can also be rich and famous for a short time however , this does not make you successful . The key of being successful is producing new ideas .
(ITA,medium) Since cars were invented the amount of them kept growing and there are more and more cars coming out every year not only that , but i noticed new car companies have come out in the past year , some of which were born and marketed torwards new cultural cultures and trends . This is just an example of new car companies coming out not to mention all the old status symbol cars luxury cars that alot of people desires and that arent only used as transportation vehicle but also to prove or show a social position . Today there is a lot of discussions about the enviorment and pollution , most governaments and cities are trying to preserve the enviorment doing their best to promote public transportantion or on the other hand trying to stop the traffic when the pollution rate is too high by alternating licence plates numbers on certain days . I dont think than any of that is really making anyone think twice about buying a car , most people love to be in their car , show it off , listen to music in it and even have their own scient in the car and would n't give that up for a train or a public bus . There is another reason , cars run on oil and oil as we know is a huge business and even though there are talks and successful experiments about hydrogen cars I feel like these wont be on hour streets untill we completely run out of oil that is cause of the interests of the corporations and countries involved in this business . The question now is if in twenty years from now we will run out of oil or how much the world population will grow and how many interestes will be in it and the new tecnologies . Surely the car indu
(TEL,high) The entire education system is so planned that an individual first gains knowledge about many academic subjects and then , after deciding his field of interest , he moves towards specialization in a specific subject of his interest . My opinion is that it is better to specialize in one subject . Therefore , I disagree with the staement that it is better to have a braod knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . I would define specilization as becoming an expert in whatever field we choose . The main reason to hold this opinion is that ordinary people rely more on specialists for information about a subject . When people are more comfortable in one or two subjects , then they can continue with that subject and become specialists . Also , specialists from different fields can come together and solve a problem better rather than people who lack in-depth knowledge about different fields . It is better to study the subject in which we are interested rather that try to get knowledge of many subjects which donot interest us . A jack of all trades will become good for nothing . A person will be comfortable to study the field in which he is interested . In this way specialization will make every one do their best and contribute to the society in a better way . There are various fields of specialization in medicine . People do go to a general physician when they have small and general problems like fever , head aches and body pains . The physician does an overall check-up and if he finds some serious problem then he recommends a patient to a specialist who deals with that problem . If specialists were not there , then it would become difficult for a general physician to deal with the numerous problems that human body can face . This applies to all other fields such as engineering and research . There are some situations when a broad idea of different subjects are needed . In such cases , experts from different fields acn come together and solve the problem . This applies mainly to research where many factors are to be considered for one specific task .
(GER,medium) Advertisement should be form of product information for the customer that could give a basis to compare one product with another one . Therefore it should consist all of the features the product consists . So all positive aspects of a good will be displayed in the ads and the negative ones will beleft out . Cigarettes for example were always glorified as a emormous gain in lifestyle and persolal selfdetermination , but the risks of getting cancer and other illnesses were never mentioned . The means that are used in advertisements , strive to deconnect the customers buying decission from the real technical features of products and change the rational decission into an emotional . Why do we never see a blank white sheet with only the product information ? We wo n't get emotional . Therefore there is always a message and an image which is bought with the product itself . In tv spots show often stories that have nothing to do with the good it is advertising , but it should get the client into a positive mood and influence the decission . Flight and hotel advertisements often show woderful habitations and beaches that create the illusion of a perfect time in vaccations , but will not state the problems there might be with enviroment around the accomodation or the problems of the people who life there . So you
(GER,medium) I am of the opinion that it is hard to say if in twenty years will be more cars in use than today or not . Today a lot of people - almost everyone - in Germany have a car or even more than one car . A car symbolizes someone 's status nowadays which is pretty said . I think that there are too many cars on the street because of the pollution and damaging the enviornment . Why ca n't people walk or drive by bike ? Why ca n't they even use the train ? People get lazy . But I presume that the tickets for a train cost too much also . It is said that germans have no money but it is possible for them to buy a car . ? ! Where is the point ? I think there is no point . But I really like that trucks are not permitted to drive sundays a coulpe of hours because the noise is gone . In twenty years peolpe are probably even lazier than they are today because everything becomes automatically and robots are going to be a normal use . So I actually do not think that there will be fewer cars in 2026 . On the other side it is possible that there will be fewer cars because people get poorer . Everything becomes more expensive nowadays and people get less money . Cars will be more expensive in a couple of years , too , and of course the gas . The gas is one of the major problems . It gets too expensive and people cannot effort buying it anymore . And maybe there will be a law which says that people are not allowed to drive a car in a certain time period of the day and then people do not need a car . As a conculsion I would like to mention that it is very hard to say wheather there will be fewer cars in 2026 or not . People change and time changes , too . You never really know what will happen in the future . Everything happens for a reason .
(JPN,medium) Most advertisements make products much better than they really are except tabacco and medicine advertisement . In the tabacco advertisements , they always express bad images of tabacco . Outside the package of tabacco , they write about the concern cancer with tabacco . In the advertisement of tabacco , we can watch bad images of tabacco , but many smorkers do n't stop smorking in spite of these advertisements . My friends watch these advertisements of tabacco everyday , but keep smorking . The advertisements of medicine have a restriction , so medicine company ca n't use a expression which tells more effects than they really are . But about other products besides tabacco and medicine , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . In the TV commercials , beautiful women and handsomes men use these product in sophysticated places happily . And also we can listen fun commercial musics which make the images of these products better . Sometimes famous movie stars appear in the commercials and tell us how these products are great and useful . There TV commercials are broadcasted on TV several times in a day , and finally we remember the names of these products unconciously . Advertising companies try to make commercials which impress good and strong images of these products to costomers . In Japan , commercials with comedy touch is fashined . In these advertisements , famous comedians says something funny words to impress the product tocostomers during the commercials Costomers unconciously remember the funny words . Children tell the funny word in their school and laugh with friends . These word
(ITA,high) If you open a textbook , for example a math one used in the past at school , it 's quite easy to notice that each theory and concept is followed by a practical example that explains and allows the student to get a better understanding of the cited rule . In fact I personally think that this is the way students learn better and easier . A concept on itself without an example sometimes does n't have much sense and it can be difficult to memorize it . For istance , there are some subjects that have no meanings without facts and I believe history is one of these ones . A student ca n't just have the idea of what is `` The Second World War '' without knowing the real historical events concerned to it . It would be an empty information . In my opinion history can be defined as a facts based subject where the ideas or concepts are almost irrelevant . Although what I 've just said it depends much on the kind of subject you are going to study . Some of them strictly require something more than the idea , meanwhile for others can be useless because it 's already clear by itself . Facts such as dates , examples , references give probably a hand to the student at first when he approaches to study something new , once the student has understood well I agree with the general opinion which is that facts are secondary to the idea and they may lose their importance and can be forgotten . As a result learning facts is helpful but it 's not all . even a single fact does n't have sense if we do n't understand the reason we are studying it . In summary it 's important to have a balance between these two kind of learning because only doing this a student can really reach a high level of knowledge .
(KOR,high) In this ambivalent society , the issue whether there will be fewer numeber of vehicles on the land in the future or not is often raised and debated . A portion of society believes that there will be much more cars in our lives , since the opportunity of delivering goods increases as time goes by ; however , I have a differing idea . In twenty years , the number of cars will decrease because the society encounters environmental and social changes : the Greenhouse Effect , and Globalization . One example of a trigger that makes the number of cars reduce can be seen in the responses to the Greenhouse Effect . As society grows , environmental issues are raised , especailly the Greenhouse Effect . This Effect , caused by damaging gases emitted from cars , harms ecological order by influencing sea level to rise . Furthermore , unexpectedly changing climates threatens human live directly : Tsunami in Indonesia . Therefore , people begin to invent alternative vehicles that does not make harmful gases , such as hybrid vehicles . In addition , the increasing uses of bikes encourage people to avoid air pollution . Thus , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in our lives to protect our surronding safe and clean . Not only do the current events furnish an endless array of examples encapsulating the claim that the number of cars on land will be reduced in the future , but social trend does as well ; a prime example is Globalization . As the whole world become a one town , the opportunity to trade and travel among foreign countries has been expanding . As a result , rather than cars that are limited in only one continent , airplanes will attract more people in the future . For example , according to the research in Korea , about 85 % of the nation prefers airplanes as transportation . Also , as most companies , such as Samsung , LG , and Sony , expands their markets toward other countries , the importance of taking airplanes , instead of driving cars in domestic markets , are percieved by many nations . In the paragraphs above , I have shown that in twenty years , there will be much fewer cars in our live , but much more alternative vehicles that prevent environment and help to adopt international trend , Globalization . So , I call the readers to make technological progress in innovating our limited transportation to prepare comming future society .
(HIN,high) I completely agree with the statement that `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . '' Having a broad knowlege of many subjects will give a lot of exposure , new subjects will create interests and also provide better career prospects for students . Students will gain a lot of exposure by studying many different subjects . This will also prepare them to take classes in different departments . I personaly feel that this is a very good option as this will make them interact with other students coming from different backgrounds as well gain valuable knowledge . Moreover , studying a wide variety of subjects will help students develop new interests that they might eventually take up and make a career of it . Let me support this with an example . While I was studying `` Architecture '' we were asked to take a wide variety of subjects like Interior Design , Lanscaping , Theory of Structures , Humanities and History of Architecture . While studying these subjects i developed a lot of interest in the subject of `` History of Architecture '' which eventually i went on to make a career in it . Today I am working with the `` National Heritage Conservation Committee '' as a architect guiding the govenment about the various teachniques and means to protect the heritage and historical monuments . Lastly this also creates better career prospects for students as a lot of prospective employers and firms want to recruit people who have a broad knowledge about a lot of subjects in their respective field . As their knowledge tremendeously helps them in a lot of projects where such inputs are required and turn it into success ! For example a student with a broad Knowledge of `` Sustainable Design '' and Project Management will definately have an edge over a student with knowlege only in `` Interior design '' . Thus it is important for students to have a broad knowledge of amny academic subjects instead of specializing in one specific one and I completely agree with it .
(CHI,medium) I agree this statement . Young people are too lazy to help people nowdays , although we sing : `` stand hand in hand '' everyday in school . Young people nowdays are getting more and more selfish . We can hardly see a young person helping a old granny to cross the road nowdays , because we prefer chating with friends beside the roads . I do not really know South African young people 's behaviour , but i know young people in China very well . Of cousre , not all of us are selfish and unconsidering , but the majority of the youth are selfish . They are everywhere , in the school , on the street and even just in our families . Unfortunately , i think that i am one of them too . i remember when i was in the schools of China . We need to do the daily cleaning everyday by ourselves , because that was and still is the part of our school duties . Class teacher divided us into several groups , and told us the date that we would be on duty . We want a nice and clear environment to study , although we do not want to do the cleaning by ourselves . Therefore we expected the other people could work harder to get the classroom clean . BUT , other people also thought that way . So , as you can imagine , we all worked not hard eough . Therefore , the next day we had a untidy , dirty classroom . People who had duty on that day might think that : They did not do the cleaning well , so why should I ? Therefore , the next day we had a untidy , dirty classroom again . Then it just carried on like this , so we never had a clear classroom ! That looks ridiculous , but that was exactly what happen . That is all about selfishness . Young people are just like that , pushing the duties to the others . Then the others will push them to someone else . We just cannot understand that if we help the others , they will help us oneday , when we are expriencing difficulties . Young people nowdays DO have enough time to helping their communities , but they just do not want to give it .
(GER,high) The statement is certainly true . Products ' qualities are exaggerated by advertisements . As there is no empirical support available , I will support this position twofold . First , I will give two short examples of such advertisements . Second , I will discuss possible explanations of the phenomenon . If there are both fitting cases and a compelling theory , we have the best evidence availiable without further study . Finally , I will briefly discuss possible actions . The first example relates to a typical car spot . The cars are almost always polished to brilliance , the only exception being spots on Jeeps , Hummers and the like . But these types of car are designed for use in wilderness . SUV ( meaning Sports utility vehicle ) is ironically referred to as a ` suburban utility vehicle ' . The spots pretend a reality that does not exist . Also , often the windows of the cars are made of black glass . I suppose this stresses the geometric features of the cars and lets it appear a bit mystique . Summed up , the cars are always in perfect shape and not in the state of your average car . Using small and smart tricks , the spots manipulate the expectations and the image you might have of the car . Another example is a recent advertisement for milk that I saw . In the morning , the whole family sat together around a nice table in a beautiful kitchen . the sun was shining , and everybody was havong fun and drinking milk . This scenario probably is a bit overstretched and not corresponding to the average breakfast . it was suggested that milk and the enjoyable situation are linked together . After these two short examples , we proceed to possible explanations . A set of them is located in the dynamics of the competition on the market . Firms , if they are to survive , are forced to sell their goods . To this end , they try to compel the comsumer to buy the company 's product , and not the competitor 's . Therefore , firms make their goods appear as good as possible . Advertisements not only serve to immediately selling products - they also increase the prestige of the company 's brand . A well-known name allows a company to take higher prices for its products , for consumers base their decisions upon incomplete information about the products . They assume that a well-known brand also means well-established quality , which would justify higher prices . Also , game theory helps a bit in explaining the phenomenon . A company cannot be sure that the competitor 's advertisements are true . So the company may be tempted to cheat a little to boost its sales in a presumably unfair competition . In political science , this constellation is known as prisoner 's dilemma . Regarding possible solutions , the EU has some regulations on advertisements that do not exist in the United States . In the EU , companies are not allowed to include information about the product they know to be wrong . Also , the EU has stricter guidelines on ingredients in foods and their publication . Apparently , there might be some room to manouevre in the legislative area to tackle the problem . On the other hand , an informed consumer judging on the basis of the best knowledge will be the best weapon against these kinds of misleading advertisements .
(ITA,high) The main issue graduate students face just after their studies is the choice between gaining a more broad view of the business world or specializing in a particular field with academic studies . The real problem is that in the real business world we must be ready to face different choices , and we need a broad knowledge of many different subjects . Therefore , gaining experience and knowledge on different fields by studying different subjects and working for different companies can give a competitive advantage , that can be described as flexibility . The second solution , on the other hand , is important because a deep knowledge of a particular subject can result in a competitive advantage as well , that can be described as non-sostitutability . Both arguments seem to be contradictory , but taken together can result in greater opportunities in the the corporate world . I would say that essentially both are relevant : a worker with a very broad knowledge of many different subjects will find several opportunities in many companies , but his/her limited specific knowledge on a particular matter may result in being overcome by more skilled colleagues . A specialized worker can be considered as an asset , but as his/her specialization goes out of business , the worker will not be able to suit new roles . This can be considered as a lock-in effect . Let 's consider , as an example , the Internet Era : with the new e-commerce some managers with a broad knowledge of different fields could exploit that opportunity , resulting in successful strategic choices . Very skilled managers with a very focused knowledge , let 's say just on a standardized pipe line , could not exploit the Internet Era opportunity due to the fact they were missing some crucial skills . At the same time , a very specialized worker like an electrical engineer will have an advantage when his skills are particularly requested in a particular sector . With the Internet Era , a lot of computer engineers found several opportunities . In conclusion , I think that in order to be a skilled and successful worker , a person should have a broad knowledge basis on many different academic subjects , and a specialization in the particular field where he/she is interested in working in .
(TUR,medium) I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , because ideas and concepts are the roots of the facts , it is the ideas that make the facts to exist and undestanding ideas will help the students to be productive . First of all , in order to rely on some facts there must be generated some ideas and concepts . That is , all facts depend on some ideas and understanding of these ideas causes the occuring of facts . Moreover , to learn the facts we have to understand the thought behind the fact . Just learning facts will cause the students not to generate new issues and this will cause the number of researches in the schools to drop and soon there exists a generation that is not producing anything but always living with the one in the hand . In addition , it is only possible to develop facts in the light of ideas and concepts . There are facts that is supposed not to change forever like the facts of physics . There are laws of physics and they are supposed not to change . However , there is one point that these facts and laws replaced the old ones . Therefore learning a fact is not big deal but understanding the ideas will develop the socities . As a final point , learning facts will just cause students to memorize the facts . However , if they understand the idea behind the fact , they will undestand the topics better . Moreover , there maybe some students that handle these topics think about them and make some suggestions about them that can be fact in the future . In conclusion , encouraging students to understand the ideas will improve the researches and will cause the students to be open minded . Besides , the students that are trying to see and understand further will contribute to the development of the society .
(FRE,medium) The number of car is a problem , a problem for the planet , a problem for a city . We need to reduce this number to pollute less and increase the atraction of the big cities . All this things are evident but , if the question is : do you think there will be fewer cars in twenty years , I aswer with no hesitation : no , and for two reasons . First I think that fewer cars can come from a revolution in poeple minds . To me , we are no ready to abandon the concept of : a family , a house , a car . In spite of all the good arguments ecologists can give , everybody wille feel the need to hqave got his oun car . Of course cities are developping bus systems and metro lines but it will never be enouth to accept to to by a car . I admit that maybe it can provoque some changes about how often poeple use the car . Only for the week end or in vacations . Then , we have to change the level of analysis . Car question is a global issue and we have to consider the problel on the international level . If we can admit that we will see less car in the big cities of developped countries , it is difficult to imagine the reaction if somebody explained to China citizen that they did not have the right to buy cars . Today things are not going so bab but can we imagine the situation when asian poeple will be rich enouth to buy a car ? To some extent , we could say that global development force us to integrate the idea : no , it is impossible to think a world with fewer cars aware of the consequences of globalisation . To conclude we can say that , if we can imagine less car for Europe , it is impossile at the planet level .
(JPN,medium) I believe that people who are successful try a lot of new things even though they have high risks for the following reasons ; changeing time , improve themselves , and enjoying themselves . First of all , time must be changeing . Our life style are changeing with time change . For example , people who lived in sexteen century did not use cars . Their transportation was horse , caws , and so on . However , now , we cannot live without cars , especially in the United States . A person , who made car at first , may be successful , and made us more convinience to live . One idea can change our life . Second , when we are trying a new things , we can learn how to endure without conciousness . When we learn new things , we need a lot of knowledge , infortmation , and results of tests . It will take a long time . I respect to Mendel , who identified the existance of DNA in 19th century . He tried mating peas again and again . Finally , trying new things make ourselves happy . In my opinion , people who do not have curiocity are like old-men . For example , I am very interested in Science , especially Biochemistry . When I study it , I am excited and I enjoy studying it . When I get good score on tests , I am very glad to study it hard . In addition , I can understand what happened I , environment , and earth thorough the science aknowledgements . In my childhood , I was not interested in Science ; however , after I came the United States , I took chemistry class , my mind was opened . I felt that I could do anything I want to do . Therefore , I can enjoy my life , now . In conclusion , I think people do not have to worry about risks of trying new things . Trying new things will make them more optimistic and give a lot of confidence to them .
(FRE,medium) What is the most important things we have to learn at school or at university ? That is the question ... Is the most important thing to have a good understanding of the main concepts or ideas ? Or is it to learn a lot of informations , without having a good comprehension of the main concepts ? According to me , the main character for a good student at the end of the school is a good comprehension and an hability for reproducing the concepts . In your argumentation , we will present some elements in order to give our own opinion . First , I think it 's very important for a student to be abble to reproduce the main ways of a reflexion . For example , concerning a mathematical exercise , a student wil be judged about his hability to do again the problem with different informations . So that 's more important , it is'nt the basic informations but the way of reflexion . It 's generally the same for evey scientific topics . To my mind , it 's better to understand the general ideas until of the general facts . Secondly , I believe for general facts as the history facts , students have all time to learn it in the free time . For example , I do n't think a little boy , if he does n't know the name of the actual President , will be a bad student . On the contrary , this boy can have the informations by other ways : television , news-paper , radio ... And I do n't think the perfect student is the student who knows everything concerning all the topics . So for me , a good student will generally curious and in the most cases , he will search the informations by his owns capabilities . Last but not least , it 's clear that understanding concepts is more important in the real life that learning a lot of facts . In fact , if a young student has many habilities in learning his history lessons at the age of 8 years , but without understanding concepts , it will probably be hard for him to continue high school . So it 's necessary to early learn comprehension and understanding . To sum up our reflexion , it appears that understanding the main ideas and concepts is very important for a student who wants to integrate an high school . The facts are also important , but we have all the time to get it , whereas it is not the case for the general comprehension .
(ARA,low) In my opinion , I agree with the statement that said most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . In my passage I am going to explain why I agree with this statement . Also , I am going to explain why some companies do this kind of advertisements . I accept this idea because I saw many kind of advertisments that makes the prodoucts better than real . They are dozen of reasons that make the companies make this kind of advertisment . But in my opinion I think the main reason is the compititon spirit between companies . This spirit make the companies try to interduce thier products as a best product in the market , and some time those companies do n't have the quality to produce this product then they have to produce an advertisment make customers think this product or this offer is the best choise , but in real this is wrong and the advertisment makes the customer chiose this option . In conclusion , the advertisments is an industry and companies use this industry to show thier products in the best way , even if this product does n't have the quality .
(ARA,low) Young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities . The reason why I said that is obvious . Because nowday we see yong people are interested or we can say beasy with other selly things rather than helping their community with things can be usefull to them or to others in the future . They spent most of their time in front of the TV watching some movie or watching a video clip for some stupid singer , if not then you can see them lestinning to the music all day long or playing video games with their friends like they never want to grow up . By any chance if they get fed up with all these stuffs , they continue their day by playing some kind of a game football or basketball or volly ball or any other game they figure . After they finish with all these game and eventually they want to behave like adults or grown up people , they go and date thier girlfriends and take them to fancy restaurants . During the weekend they go swimmming or climbing or shopping or to do some other things . what I dont understand why dont try to make some time to help their communities . As I always say build your community if you want to build your self . I think we should encorage young people to serve the community by putting some plans to create the love of their community inside them .
(KOR,medium) I agree with the statement . With the advent of industrialised society , people are getting more and more immersed in their own business not having time to look back and around their community . In this circumstances , coming generations are more accustomed to this trend of society focusing on their own things . Industry also reflect this personally oriented trend in their products , like personal computer and mp3 players . This personalized products encourage peoples ' mind to care their own self . The style of housing also affect the mind of people , especially condominium in urban areas blocks people having conversation with neighbors and it 's structure hinder contact with neighbors . Also at home , parents have little time and interest to educate them of altruistic mind . They are busy in their own life to live . This can lead young people think only about themselves and have no concern to other people . These and other factors influence young people uninterested in their surroundings . Young peole are typically keen on what they are pursuing and what they are wanting . And they concentrate on what they favor . We can see this case in computer games . Some young people play the game to the end of his life not feeling time to have rest , because they are so immersed in the game . What modern let
(SPA,medium) I think that those persons that try new things and take risks their have more success than those thaty only doing what they already know how to do well . One the many reasons is that people that try new things in their live is because their are looking at how to be altruist and how to be success . For instance , if I want to be a competitive person sending cars , I need to have many ideas in order to create new models and new types , more strongs , more sures , cheaper and nicer . I have to try many risks during the elaboration the this cars , I have to risk much money in employers that they be more preparated and I must give them all the necesities that the government 's law requirs . If I want to be altruist , I need to take risk even though I get scare . One person who does not like to be altruist and success does not try any thing because he or she has scare and always they will be people comfortables and aphatics . by the way those persons who try take risk their will recognize in many places of the world . Other instance is that if someone has a factory of shoes and has many competers , he or she needs to try new techiques and new methods to make new types in order to compete with others factories . But these factories which does not try compete with other factories , may be they are going to disappear easily and their models are going to be unusual , unlike , and uglies . For this reason you need to be compettitive person if you want to be success and if want to be someone in your live to beer famous and be recognized whe you get death
(FRE,high) I agree with the statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they actually are . Indeed , advertisements are made in order to sell a product , they are not based on objectivity . In my opinion , advertisements are not a fair representations of the products they are proning . Most of the time they emphasyse the good side of the product but they avoid mentionning the eventual problems that can be found when they are used . For instance , an advertsiement for a piece of clothing will insist on the aesthetical aspect or on the fact that it follows the current fashion , but it wo n't insist on the fact that the fabric may be of bad quality . Furthermore , advertisements make product seem better because , when it comes to clothing , the garment is advantaged by the fact that it is wore by a person who fits the aesthetic criteria of the population . When a potential byer sees a piece of clothing , it is always presented to him in a way that it appears to perfectly shape the body whereas , in reality , the advertisors have certainly choosen the person who will make the garment look perfect . It probably wo n't be the case when an average person wera it . Last , the people who designed the advertisement often do surveys prior the release of the product . The surveys are used to ask to a certain number of people , representative of the class aimed by the product , what they think about the product , what they like or dislike about the its shape . This way of funcionning unables the designers to know what are the attracting sides of the product , it is easy then to highlight those aspects in the advertisement in order to attract the buyer . That is why I think that people should not trust the advertisements they run accross . Most of the time it has been designed to appeal to the customer and , when used , will prove to be much different than what one could have expected by seeing the advertisement .
(FRE,high) Nowadays , the use of cars is quite controversial . Indeed , some people are defenitely still in favour of keeping them , whereas some others claim its use should be reduced , if not banned . The consequences this debate may have on the future use of cars , and the reasons of this debate deserve to be discussed . At frist glance , this issue may appear superficial , but it is an essential one , since it is related to one fundamental problem the whole world is facing , that is to say environment . Indeed , the car is a major source of pollution . However , western countries'inhabitants are used to it , and would see its disappearance as a step toward the past . For a long time , car has symbolised modernity , but moreover freedom . With a car , one can go wherever he wants , whenever he decides it . In the United States maybe more than in any other countries , car has been praised as a fundamemtal element of one 's life . Billy Wilder 's moovie , ` Sunset Boulevard ' states that he just ca n't live without his car , since it would be like having his legs cut . Considering these facts , it is hard to assert that in twenty years , cars will no longer be used . Though , there is no denying that its use will probably slow down . More and more people feel concerned about pollution , and as I said it previously , the car is a major source of pollution . These people aim at gaining some influence in the political fields , in order to get the opportunity to be heard . In Europe , their influence over the debate is increasing , and countries such as Sweden as more and more often taken as examples , since it is a pionneer in this field . In the wake of this change concerning the environment issue , many countries have already implememted different kinds of policies in order to lower its use . Despite it is often rejected by the populations , we may hope behaviours will evoluate . In addition to that the lack of oil which is more and more discussed may lead to changes towards the lowering of cars ' use . So , as a conclusion , I would say that there will certainly be fewer cars in use in twenty years , but we will have to wait for a little longer I think , to see the obvious changes .
(TEL,medium) I support that there will not be fewer cars in the future twenty years comparing to these days . The reason that day to day life is changing depending on the cost of living and the easy way to move from one place to another with more safety . Since the technology is being advanced in all the feilds , people prefer the different technology cars in the up coming days . As we know that there are lot of accidents on two wheelers . These cars provide the safest way to reach the long distances in shorter time and safe . Some countries like India , Japan , China etc still people prefer the easiest way to reach by walk is using a bike or motor cycle but fastiest way other than bike is car and its safe too . I too say that the day to day life the resources of petrol and diesel have been hiked since the quantity is low , nut in the future the technology brings the different way to use the cars without fuel and exiting resources . For example comparing to the companies like mercedes , general motors , ford , honda etc. , the researchers are doing they research on different fields to develop they company in different ways like safe driving , with low feul consumption , sleek designs in interiors and exterior , the technology used from one car to another in there own products . Some research oriented companies do there projects on automobiles that use less fuel , some on without fuels and some on driving without a driver with the help of GPS ( Global positioning system ) , and in engines too . These research help the company to move it to built new product in market . These technologies make the consumer attract in buying a new car and hence increases the rate of use the safest car to move from one place to another , this way the usage of car may lead to increase more cars in the future twenty years So i think so in future definitely the usage of cars will increase with different technology than compared to these days depending on the way there use them .
(TUR,medium) Considering the following points such as the world 's problem of overpopulation and the positive correlation between the number of cars and the potential drivers , we can state that there seems to be no sensible reason to believe in the idea that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today . Of course , one may claim the idea that the use of cars will diminish in twenty years since everyday we confront with one of the damages given to the atmosphere by the outputs of the cars such as harmful gases . Depending upon the hopefully stated point that newly-established ozone friendly transportation techniques will replace the widespread car use , one state that people will prefer rthese new brand of techniques to car use . However , before accepting this point , we need to consider some of the further issues . First of all , to build new transportation systems friendly with the ozone and capable of transporting large masses in a cost-effective way necessitates more money than it is ever estimated . There will ne a whole new system of highways or railways for the new kinds of transporters . Besides , in order to convince people use these tranporters rather than their own cars , the new brand transporters have to be much more comfortable than the cars used by people . If such a great invention cannot be made to either the transportation system or to the marketing of this system to become widespread , the project seems to fail down and people prefer to use their own cars rather than the new system . In order to make this system preferable over the use of car transportation , the benefits of the system such as its being cost-effective and less harmful to the oaone layer than the car usage should be explained publicly .
(KOR,high) Advertisements , which are important in selling products , make products seem better than they are in order to make it more appealing to consumers . Advertisers use many tricks and even false information to make the products seem better . Advertisements use aspects that appeal to people 's senses , such as the way the product looks , smells , or feels . Most advertisements use vivid imagery to attract attention . Advertisers enhance the appearance of the product by different effects such as lighting or coloring . Commericials for food products sometimes do not use the real product , but a imitation that is made unrealisitically . For instance , when advertising a hamburger , advertisers might use a bigger or a more fresh looking imitation of the hamburger . When a person actually goes to buy the product , they will notice a significant difference in the real product in comparison to the product shown in the commericial . Also , many advertisements use claims that are usually false . The advertisement might imply that the product makes a person looks more beautiful or has the power to make someone smarter . A commercial for perfume might imply that the person using the product gains more attention from people . However , these claims are highly exaggerated to make the product popular among customers . Advertisers use people 's weakness to appeal to them . For example , an advertisement commericializing a product that can lead to weight loss might show someone who is obese so that the consumer can relate to the advertisement and be convinced into buying the product . It is important for the consumer to question the product objectively . In conclusion , by different effects and methods , advertisements enhance the quality of the product , making it seem better than it actually is . This is to strengthen the purpose of the advertisements , which is to sell the product to many people .
(GER,high) The statement that young people have a greater ability to enjoy life than older people clearly is an issue worthy of discussion . In the following essay I try to give examples supporting and opposing this fact . In the beginning of this short passage it is necessary to state what can indicate enjoying ones life . The most intuitive points are of course the amount of time spent on activities , which bring fun to an individual . Examples for this can be sports , cultural activities such as theater or visiting the movie theater , social activities such as meeting with friends or visits in clubs , bars or discos . The actual amount of time spent on each activity clearly counts toward the young people . Yet it should not receive much attention , since growing age comes along with growing responsibility . We shall therefore try to acknowledge the subjective feeling of fun deriving from each activity for the individual . When it comes to sports , a difference between old and young people is not clearly distinguisable without thorough research , which cannot be conducted at this point . Most older people lie great emphasis on sports in order to stay healthy or free their minds by physical challenge . One could argue , that young people are taking the particular sport to a higher level , but this clearly does not support the idea of a greater enjoing . Every sport is enjoyable for the conducting individual , even if it is being practised at a very low level . Focusing on the cultural activities , a general viewpoint is necessary . In general the age of the individual determines its taste . Therefore the activities chosen are highly dependent on a individuals age . Again the type of activity chosen cannot determine whether one individual receives a higher reward in terms of fun from its choice , than the other individual does from the other choice . The third category stated above indicates the greatest difference between age groups . It is clearly observable and commonly known , that from a certain age onwards less emphasis is being laid upon going out a night and visiting bars , clubs or discos with friends . From a younger point of view this could be seen as a lack of fun in ones life . To conclude this paragraph the differences in behavior between old and young people are clearly visible . Yet this observation is lacking evidence that young people actually enjoy life more than older people . Thus this statement cannot be backed by thorough reasoning . The difference in behavior do not indicate more fun in life on one or the other side . Yet the positive correlation between age and responsibility could make it harder for older people to conduct fun activities .
(ARA,low) Undertanding ideas In my view , it is important for students to undertand ideas and concepts than its for them to learn facts . Also I think it is much easyier than learnings facts and more acceptable . For example , if he has a Biology class and the teacher is trying to explaine the lesson , the students will understanding hardly if the tf the teacher is explaining as a fact , but if the teacher explained it as an idea or a concept it will be easy like a peice of cake . Second , you have nothing to do with facts because in this century no one wants to lesson facts most of them prefare to know the something as an idea . I think also they will memorise it and remember it quickly more than facts . Another example , if you want to go to a campus and some of your friends aked you a question about a lesson , attitude , anything else you will not be able to answer him a good answer unless if you know it as an idea or a concept . I think also that the doctors studyed that understanding ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts and the doctors approved that by making experience on the poaple so he made groupe who undertand facts and another on Finally , I would like to advice all of poeple to undertand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts because it is easyier and more comfortable to all of us .
(ARA,medium) Its not easy to be successful in your life , some people are successful , other 's are not , and maybe the successful people are very less than the others , there is many ways to succsses in your life , for example : in your study , work , family and personal life . You may be successful in all of these , but you have to work hard to connect all your successes together , to get what you want and hope for , and that is the hard thing . The People who tried new things , have the soul of the adventure , they will never stop in the middle of the way and ca n't think what they should do next , they always paln 's what they should do , always want 's to be the best , not just stop and be counfused and fair from trying somtheing new , and its not wrong at all if they cant be what they want , because they are better than the others , at least they tried ! . Other people , who only are doing what they used to do well , maybe they are happy and successful one day , but not after time , they will be bored one day , and they will recognize that the things they were doing maybe worth 's nothing in the future . For example , a doctor , he cant stop at what he learned at collage , and he cant countinue his work in what he is good at , he should improve his abilites without stoping to get the successful in his work . I think people should never stop catching there dream 's and success 's , they should always look for there success and future , and never look back , in this whay they will improve them selves , and will be better and better day after day , and that is the successful .
(FRE,medium) The French Education system put a premium on the theorycal knowledge , contrary to other education system which emphasis parctical knowledge . which of the two could be the best ? Understand ideas and concepts is the base to be able to undersand the reality , the current events in the entire world . Indeed , theorical knowledge and culture permit to be open minded , to analyse a situation with the nessary competence . For example , a brilliant manager has to know a great variety of information to make the righ choice . Moreover , France promotes the ` Classes preparatoire '' , it is two year of hard work to integrate the best business schools . To succed the exam , you have to learnt a great amount of concepts : you have to study mathmatics , economics , philosophy , history . The goal of this learning is to give you kwonledge to cope with all types of situations , in every day life , at work ... But on the other hand , to understand concepts is no suficient . I think it is something very interresting and useful , but students have to learn facts too . For example , certain adults did not study long time when they were young and they succed in life because they used their practical competences and their work experiences . So it is important for students to do training periods for example . To conclude , I think these two types of learning are linked , so they have the same impotance for me because if students know many concepts and they stay far from reality , it is a problem because in their future , for their career , both competences are required .
(SPA,medium) In the case of Latin America I think that is better to have a broad knowledment of different subjets because you can manage more activities and realize multi-task jobs . In my own experience , to find a job the recluiters ask you not for specific knowledge in a specific field . They ask you more about the knowledge in different areas that can help you to solve problems . In addition , when I was working I learned about diffrerent subjects because my job demand it . For example , I am Electrical Engineering so I have a background in electronics and technical aspects , my last work was Project Management so I learned about Risk of the projects , financial stuffs , logistics , manage of human resources . I have friend , he 's profession is architect and he read a lot about different subjects because he is trying to apply the mathematics , the psicology , and the maketing to the decoration of a room . He analizes the psicological profile of his clients and try to design according with their interest and hobbies . The people who have broader knowledment can manage more tasks and can make the jobs that others dont know . Its easier to explain how to make something to a person who has knowledge in more fields . On the other hand , some activities requires specialized resources for example people who repair , and build airplanes . Those works need specialized knowledge , but needs more years of specializacion in a field . In conclusion , I 'm agree with the statement because for the society its better to have people with knowledge of different branches . In the case of Latin America the people can make multi task jobs .
(FRE,high) In my country , the educational system both teaches you to understand ideas and concepts and to learn facts . These two concepts have their own advantages . However , I believe it is more important to understand ideas and concepts . That is why I agree with the statement . First , l think that learning facts is not a clever method to follow because it does not lead to create intelectual stimulation . Indeed , even if I agree to say that it could be a nice way to strike students by giving funny or odd examples , the thing is that you cannot simply remember all the facts you are supposed to learn . For example , during my history classes in College , I had to remember long lists of events and facts without connections between them . This was so dense and unclever that I did not remember half of them ! On the contrary , understanding ideas and concepts is more useful . First , by understanding them you will be able to implement them in the future , contrary to the facts or events which you cannot obviously re create . Second , school is supposed to prepare you for your professional life . So if you understand the ideas and concepts , you will understand how does it works and will be able to deal efficiently with challenges . For instance , I attended some economics courses . Thanks to my understnading of some key concepts , I now better understand how does the world works , and especially the political system . Thus , because students are supposed to face the professional life with the most numerous keys possible in order to deal with it successfully , I strongly think that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than simply learn by heart facts and events .
(HIN,high) I would agree with the statement that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialise in one specific subject '' I think it is wise to be a ` jack of all trades but may be master of none ' . If one knows sufficient about many subjects but not everything about a particaular subject then he might not be able to top any subject but atleast he would not fail any of the subjects and if he performs reasonably ok in most then his overall performance would certainly be enhanced . Also it is always helpful in daily life aswell as in terms of future prospects if one has a broad academic knowledge . This would open him to far more career opportunities than if he limits his knowledge to only certain subjects . Say for example , in high school , some one who has scored grade ` A ' in physics or mathematics while grade ` c ' in all other subjects , although may be able to get into a top class engineering university but would not have much other choices left incase he decides not to go for engineerin . On the other hand , if one scores a ` B ' in most of his subjects he may not be able to get into the top class college but would certainly manage in a fairly good college and at the same time enjoy the liberty of having many career options to choose . This also comes into play when one is applyinfg for jobs in future as the person having knowledge in various academic fields would find himself in a situation where he could apply in various institutions . Also in place of his work , he might someday make use of his knowledge in other academic fields than what he is currently practicing , helping him handle a critical situation better and attain more success at work and a thus a brighter future ahead . To summerise , knowledge never goes waste . So its better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Although exceptions might be there , as they always are , but in the long run it helps to have a broader spectrum of knowledge .
