(HIN,high) I agree with the notion that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years from now , then there are currently based on certain facts and projections . Firstly , we all know how the gasoline prices are rising everywhere . Although part of the reason is political , there is no doubt that the amount fuel in reserves has dwindled rapidly . For a common commuter that means an additional cost , a cost which is not increasing with his/her income . Slowly this would lead to people shifting to public transport . The goverments are also working in various countries to improve there public transport systems especially in the big cities . Sooner or later most people would have access to good and efficient public transport . Secondly , as the population in cities is rising there is lesser space for housing consequently either the cities would get bigger or more housing would be built in the space which is available as of now . If the cities get bigger , the distances might become to large for people to drive on their own . Most people would , I feel , prefer getting on to a train and bus . Not having the discomfort of driving these long distances and maybe getting some work done on the way . If more housing has to be built in the city , then the parking spaces and wide roads will have to go . In this case most definitely people would have no option but to leave their cars and rely on public transport . FInally , with the rise in global temperatures being linked to green house emissons , the time is not far when governments would start charging exceptionally high taxes from people who are producing these gases to compensate for the nvironmental damage . The car owners , I think , would be one of the first to get hit with these taxes . So unless some radical new fuel which is both cheap and clean comes up in the next five to ten years , I think we are looking at much fewer cars twenty years from now in our urban environment .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the idea that successful people try to new things and take risks ratehr than only doing what they already know how to do well . There are some reaosns to support my opinion . In the begining , most people may consider star players , like baseball player , as successful people . I guess that most famous players try new things and take risks to improve themselves . For instance , Japanese baseball players wish to play in the United States because they think the US is the number one baseball country . Such as Ichiro Suzuki on Seattle Mariners , he left Japan and went to the United States to try to reach the summit of himself as a baseball player . He said `` I want to improve my baseball '' . If he continued to play baseball in Japan , he would not take risks rather than play baseball in the United States . It is so difficult to be a star baseball player in the US rather than in Japan because there are so many popular foreign players in the US . In other hand , there are mostly Japanese players in Japanese Professional Baseball League . I think people are educated or improved by taking risks . In my case , I came to the United States from Japan three years ago because of my father 's job . My father said to me that `` you did not have to come with me '' . My father worried about that I would be troubled with foreign language . However , I came here because I want to improve my English skills . In the first year of my staying in the US , it was horrible . I could not understand almost all words what teachers said . I was so depressed ; however , I really wanted to become a good English speaker although I have to take much risks or I need tons of effort for that . Right now , I hope my English skill is improved by living in the US . Thus , I believe that I will become a successful person in the future by taking an active part of my experience in the United States because I take much risks while I stay in the United States . Therefore , I agree with the opinion that successful people try to new things and take risks .
(KOR,medium) First of all , I totally disagree with the following statement . And the reasons follow . One , by my personal experience , traveling by a tour guide is way more expensive than by on own . Because the travel company which the guide is associated in always suggests expensive hotels with bad status and flights . In that case we might not able to chance to stay in nice hotel with cheap price and have no season discount on flight either . For example , one of my friend went Germany from Korea with a flight costed more than $ 1000 through the travel company , but I went same country following week , less than $ 850 with getting season descount on my own . One more thing is that guide always lead the travelers only to famous spots which are listed on the itiniery . In that case you wo n't get chance to visit some nice place that only few people know . I once had a chance to stay on a nice old castle in France . Most of friends are jealous and are dying to visit their after saw the picture I took . Two , traveling in a group may be safe sometimes . According to the 8 years of personal traveling experience , most travel accidents occur in a group traveler . Because when we travel in a group by a tour guide , people are always crowded and they are usually paying attention to the guide . And that causes accidents such as robbery . One of my roommate once traveled Spain in a group with a tour guide and the guide said pay attention because they were passing the important spot the guide stated . And he had paid attention . But while he were doing so a stranger cutted out his camera . Three , if we travel alone we get a chance to make international friends . I still keep in contact with them and when they visit my country I guide them . Finally , traveling in a gruop is not always good in many reasons .
(TEL,medium) I disagree with this statement that their will be afewer cars from now after twenty years . Cars are one of the useful inventoin that are science has made . It is one of the useful mode of transpot in the recent days . In the recent times cars are used by all the classes of people in the societyi . e , is the middle , higher and the lower class of people . Its use has been improving by day by day . I t is one of the most convenient mode of troansport unlike the busses , trains , automobile etc . Transport by acar is at once own convinence . Its not like you have to wiat for or go out pf the house much early to get the transport on time . Having once own car is very convinient . In the presernt times people are very busy no time to waste at all you cant wait for abus or atrain to get a means of transport . In the futher years car users will go on because of their busy lives to save the time In the recent times many models of the car have been made which are at ahigh sale in the market . Ifeel that many more models will surely come up in the mere future to meet the demand . The other factor of many cars nowdays and the days to come is that owing or maintaing a car is a sign of status in the society so all the people would like to maintain ahigh status in the societyhence they would buy acar . When the demand goes on a high rate the production of the cars will definatly has to meet the demand not only that many banks and other organisations renders many sources or loans to own a car so inspite of souring prices also people dont stop buying cars .
(FRE,medium) It depend , i think that some old people enjoy life more than young people because they are mature to know what they really have in their life , they have lived many thing , they have managed many things . Some old people want to enjoy their life more than when they were young because they have all the time for , children have left and they do not work again so they have the possibility to travel where they want they can go all around the world whithout thinking about the others , they can live for themselves . I know a woman who is 70 years old and who like every sport with sensation like she said to me , she like go in contries to fly in a small plane and she like take her moto in the forest , she would like participate at a moto competition in the desert but her doctor forbide her to do that but i think that she will do that when she could . this woman is a real phenomenon , i love her very much as my grand mother . she is very amasing . So old people can be very unpredictable , they have many resources in them when they really want . I think that if she was young again , and whith a aware , she will be a great volcan and we can not stop her . And on the other hand , some young people can think that they enjoy life more than old people because they have enough time for life because they are also young , they have strength to practice every sports , they can go every where because they do not have responsibility yet , they have the beauty of skin like old people are too old they can not practice every sports So i think that young people are too young to pretend enjoyed their life more than old people but it can be possible for some old people who have never having fun in their life like people who have never mooved out of their city and who do not like young people who have fun .
(HIN,high) The statements touches upon a very contraversial topic . It is true that young people spend more time on parties and traveling than the old people . However , I completely disagrees with the idea that young people enjoy life more than the older people do . I have many reasons for my belief . It is true that because of age a older person would not be able to enjoy the party life and traveling around the world . But it is equally true that not only physical activities , but also other activities contribute to the definition of `` enjoying life to its fullest '' . To give an example , I had a mathematics professor who helped me prepared for compitive exams and standadised tests out side the syllabus . Although he was retiered , he had a true passion for maths and even at age of eighty he used to solve many challenging puzzles and do recreational mathematical work . Apart from mathematics , he also had a group of friends , with whom he used to play cards and always participate in various district and national level compititions in chess . He also kept visiting his two sons once every year and taught his grandsons the secretsof leading a successful life . From all these and many more activities , he derived the immense pleasure of leading a healthy life . On the otherhand , consider the yonger generation , where many people commit numerous crimes in the name of having fun in life . These people suffer severely , when they have to face the punishments offered by the law for their arrogant attitude . We can find numerous examples of young people commiting inexcusable crimes and facing the punishment for life . On the contrary , in such cases the young people have to face more sorrows in life than the old people do . I strongly believe , that to enjoy life , one must have the ability to give joy to other people and share thier sworrows , in whatever small ways possible . On can achive the ultimate joy of life only if he is successful in creating a harmony in the community around himself . And I strongly believe there is no age limit to do this , and hence there is no age limit to be happy in life .
(HIN,medium) yes i do believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in ur as there are today . the advancement in science and technology will provoke creative minds to introduce new and enhaced ideas of communication . i would like to support my belief by taking examples of other means of communication , and an extra regard for the environment . taking into consideration my first example , i belive that the world is always developing and advancing and looking fer newer and better techniques to move towards the future . human beings as social individualsa liek chnages . therefore , there will be certain innovative minds that will bring up advanced and more practical means of communication in later stages of the generation . peoples concept of communication will change as whole . they would want to experiwence and create new modes of transport that will make their life easier and much more comfortable . in the monotonous and hectic schedule of everyday life , people would prefer better means of trasportation to relive them of their stress of travelling . taking my second example , i also feel that the ucrrents effects of global warming that are threatening the life on earth will be more dominant in later stages due to the reckless destruction and exploitation of our environment . environmentalists will recieve their wake up call at that stage thus provoking them to come up with more environment safe methods of transportion as tranport being one of the major cause of pollution . this will promote the introduction of large modes of transport that will carry mass populations , hence saving money and fuel . therefore reduction of cars will help in preservation of our natural sources and will help protect our environment which turn will benefit us . the alarming increase in CFC 'S and carbon dioxide will provoke scientits to come up with solutions that will save us from various dangerrs . to conclude , i strongly claim that the reduction in the number of cars is bound to happen . i have proved and clarified my view through my above given examples of better means of transport and protection of environement . therefore i feel that the number of cars will be replaced my the number of other modes of transport that is costeffective and benefial to the environemtn as well as to human life .
(TUR,high) It has been such a long time since I completed my academic education and has been working as a professional that it is impossible for me not to agree with this statement . Sooner or later school comes to an end and professional world starts . In the Turkish educational system you have to decide on what you want to do at a very early age and that decision does not always turn out to be the ` right ' one for you . What are you suppose to do when you realise that you have made the wrong decision at the very beginning . It is very hard to start from all over again . As an experienced professional I belive having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is always better than specializing in one specific subject , for it gives you the space , in other words the freedom you need until you decide what you really want to do . It will be easier for a person with many aspects to get a job in the professional world rather than wait for the ` specific ' opportunity . When one applies for a job it will be to his benefit to be aware of many subjects , for the bosses are usually looking for young people with a broad vision , eager to learn and capable of applying what they have learned . I also believe that after deciding that one is on the right path , specializing in that field is inevitable if one wants to promote . I would like to finish with giving an example from myself ; I graduated from business administration , I worked in a travel agency , in a factoring company and at the moment working for a non-profit organization as an expert on the European Union and I owe all this to the broad knowledge of many academic subjects I learned in school .
(KOR,medium) I agree the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . As much as time goes by , older people got more experience from the lives and they already have some fierce . So many older people do n't want to try new things such as education , travelling , and culture , etc . But the young people are different . They are ambitious and they are always willing to learn new things . I usually get happiness from learning . As my opinion , I think young people enjoy life more than older people do because older people have less chance to learn rather than young people . As time goes by , the number of entertainment increases . In the past , people should work for living but now people make money for the entertainment and qualities of thier lives . Young people have more opportunity to enjoy their lives than older people do . For example , my father is very hard-worker and he does n't have free time for himself . Sometimes , he looks like working robot . I want him not to work too hard and do whatever he likes but working becomes his routine life . My father has worked hard for the living and he ca n't stop working even though he is enough rich . I think my father is similar with any older people . Goal of the lives is different between young people and older people . So I think young people enjoy life more than older people do . I ca n't say which generation is happier than other generation because everyone has different conceptions of happiness . It does n't matter how people live but it is important to enjoy their own lives . People should have their own happiness and do their best to achieve the happiness .
(TEL,medium) The main topic is abot when the people enjoying there life , when they are young and old . People do enjoy there life in every part of there lifes . Hear we compared two kind of people who are young and the people who are older . When you take younger one they are new to the world , they dont now what is true and what is wrong they purly depend on there parents . They majorly have only there works they are eat , play and sleep . They eat food to gain energy after gaining the energy they spend there energy by playing and after geting week they go for sleep . These are the main three functions they do in there child hood . They dont have no tention about there life . These how children enjoy there child hood . When you take a person who is old enough , he is totaly independent of him self . what ever he has earned in his younger life he has rite to spend his money . But if the person did not saved any money . His life will become horible , no one takes care of him . Even in that age he has to work for the daily food . They might have even some helth prodlems in that ase there is no chance of enjoing . In countries like U.S.A. they perfer leaving indepertant . At the age of 15 or 16 they try to de indepatement . they think of them self when it comes to the old age , that is the time where they need support . I say that people enjoy there most of the life in child hood compared to old people .
(FRE,medium) I believe that traveling in a group lead by a tour guide can be very funny , but saying is the best way to travel may not be sure in my point of view . There are other ways to travel which can bring more fun and more joy . First of all , i think that traveling with a tour guide can be very good to learn some things about the place where you are going because the tour guide usually know many things about the places you visit with them . But , i also think that traveling with them removes you the possibilities of discovering things on yourself and for me that is quite better . Secondly , you can also travel alone . This is most for people who like adventure , it is a good way of traveling also because you are going to meet some new people . You will surely more learn of the culture and habits of the place where you are going but for me it can be very sad to travel alone . And finally you can also travel with a group of friends or members of your family which is not led by a tour guide . It can be weird because you are going somewhere with people you might see all the time but i really think you can have more fun and enjoy more your journey , because the people you are moving with are people you know and people who knows you . To conclude , i like the idea of traveling alone or in a group led by a tour guide but i really think that me i prefer traveling with people who shared some things with me before than traveling with people i do n't know .
(TEL,medium) I agree with that , the successful people will try new things and take risks rather than doing only what they already know how to do well because he can get into learn new things which may be useful for his future life with good knowledge , these people put all the effort inorder to try new things with good determination and great hardwork they enjoy the risk when they fed with some sort of problem by which they come to knowledge of the problem and overcome it . A successful businessman in the market in his field can overcome with the success in other field because of his knowledge and keen interest in the business experiences he had faced . this happens in every successful person where a person when reached to his goals in life should not quit with that but set the new and try to achieve it . For example , one of my friend who moved US to pursue his higher studies . He is not so familier with the american english but with an interest to learn he joined the english program at kaplan and succeded well in american english , now he can understand the conversation in the class and can speak to anyone , before this he dont know what they say after he ask something . When he was here he worked in hospital whenever he finds someforeigners he go to them and tries to speak in english to learn from them which can be useful for his higher studies abroad . I agree with the people who try to learn new things rather than they know well to do are successful people where they can acquire different fields of knowledge which had happened in my friend matter . I agree the statement that explained here which is relevant with my friend .
(ARA,low) i am compelety confident and agree with that the student should be understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . in the frist , the theory and the priciple the one of the techniqe of logical thinking and the basis of the knowlge in all sector . conpects are given the student the ability to improve his talent and chalenge any problem faced his in his life by choosing the correct tools , brain storming , making the strategy and studying the case by evaluated or comparing with another case . concepts and ideas always have a chance to improve and develop by using the key of mind ability to produce a new product or solve problem and consider foundation of all infromation gathering in our life . and give the emotive for society to work harder and making life easier . in othe wise , facts consider in only information or phenoumina and may be will not repeated again in defferent condition . finally , if we are learn the concept , we will catch the world and improve our life and if we are learn the facts , we will repeat our life .
(GER,medium) I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy their life more than older people . In my opinion there are a lot of ways enjoying life that are also suitable for older people . So the age is not an indicator or enjoying life . Perhaps it seems to be obvious that young people enjoy their life much more than older people by having more activities and doing sports that usually are not associated with older people . But doing that much sport like some young people is not an direct evidence of having a good time . For example there are many older people that travel the whole world after they have n't to work anymore . Travelling the world and visiting several countries is in my opinion a very good way to enjoy life . In addition to that there are a lot of older people that do many things up to a very high age . For example politicians are normally above 60 years old and probably enjoying their work . Additionally , in my own family my grandpa did a lot of work in the garden up to an age of 86 like he did as gardener before . Finally I constantly experience another example for older people enoying their life . When I go to the swimming pool in the morning , the most people are older than 60 . While swimming they are talking with each other and enjoying the morning sun . As mentioned above people who have n't to work anymore have much more time to concentrate on their hobbies than younger people . So if enjoying life would really be indicated by the activities of the people , older people can concurate with young people basically by having more time . I could imagine a life for me in a few decades in which I have the time and the money to build me an own home cinema . So I would really enjoy my life despite my high age . In conclusion the given points above show that the age is not an indicator for enjoying life .
(JPN,medium) I think it is much better to speiclalize in a certain subject . for the following reasons . First , in modern soceity , as the science have depeloped countless subjects like clozing techniques have been created . In addition , the subjects can be classified to many branches that contains a lot of infomatrion . So if you try to have broad knowlege of many academic subjects , you will end up skimming only the surface of them and you will not practically know the subjects . On the other hand , by choosing one or two speicif subjects learners can focus on them . If you specialize the subject . You might improve and develop the subject that wll provide a great benefits to the society . Second , If everyone wants and tries to have broad knowlege and avoid specializing a subject . There will be no future in each subjects . They will lose the heirs of reseach and not only be developed but also begin to regress . As the result , the society will no more expect to gain benefits form academic subjects and reseach . Third , if each person specialize one thing , he might interact with others who have other specifict information . Tthere are many cases that a ceatain subfect will require some information on other sujects . For example , take a look at an erectric dictionary . You can benefit from it very much . But what if there is no specific technique to desigh and produce an erictric badged could only good translators and interpreters make en erectric dictionary ? It will need both the tranlators and erectric engineers and even more experts on different subects . I definitely suggest that people should specialize one and help others in case
(ITA,high) I am 25 years old , so my personal experience only covers half of the statement , the part regarding young people ; however i can look at my relatives or at other elder people to infer something about how do thay enjoy life . In a first appoximation , I think that each one enjoy his \ her life in a different way , so it is not easy to generalize this evaluation distinguishing between younger and older people . However , I have to point out that a necessary ( even not sufficient ) condition for a person to enjoy his \ her life is to have a good health ; and it is statistically true that older people have more chances to have a bad health Apart from this first consideration , there are some other matter of facts about how youngers and olders conduct their lifes . In fact , a very important consideration has to be done about work . Younger people have to work harder than the olders that often are on retirement , so the younger have less time to spend for their own enjoyment ( and , depending on the retirement system , they can also have less money ! ) . Nonetheless , young people have more opportunities to have fun because most of enterteinments better fits to them ( such as discos , some kinds of sport activities , some kinds of concerts or travels , etc . ) . The negative aspect connected with this wider range of opportunities is that sometimes young people suffer of a kind of `` anxiety '' of having fun and doing lots of things , which ends to make them always unhappy with what they are doing . In fact , it is true that maybe older people have a different way of approaching to life that allows them to get the best from every situation and to enjoy more of simple things . This different `` way of appreciating '' things perhaps derives from their maturity , their whole experience and make their lifes more relaxed and sometimes more serene . In conclusion , I think that it is not possible to completely agree or disagree with the statement because it depends on individual attitudes and external conditions how a person can enjoy his \ her life during different periods . Once more I see that life is more complicated and people are more different one to another than it can be described in a short phrase .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the this statement that there will be fewer cars in use in next 20years . I think people drive more cars than nowdays . In the future , people will have more money than now , and there will be many place to go to enjoy life . Also people will think privacy so important . So they would not share the car . Many kinds of cars also effected that there would be more cars than today . As time goes by , world is becoming so convinient place to live in , and technology improves fast . People will have more money than now , for example my father boughts first car when he was 30 , but nowdays many university student have cars including me. many young people prefer to buy car when they grduate highschool , because they have enough money to pay the car . Also there are lots of places that people can play . As economy is developed people prefer to go to outside in the leisure time . Because of young people has many chance to earn money , they go to lots of places with family , girl friend , and friends . So they want to have their own car . because it is easier to go there when they have their own . In the future , worth of privacy would become more important . The socilal life would be very complex and stressful , people want to go somewhere alone in their free time . As for me , when I have so much stresses I drive alone to beach . Also people does n't want to somebody interrupt when they want to rest . For example when I was dating with my girl friend I hate to somebody is wathing me or talk to me . If they have their own car they do n't worry about somebody disturbs them . Last of all there would be various car to drive . there would be various desings of car . So if soomone who has lots of money , they world try to many cars , such as sports cars . In future , people would have more money , and have many chance to spend thier money . They will buy their own car to go to many places easily and does n't want to share the car . Also various types of car would make rich people want to drive that car . For these reasons , I think there would be more cars than nowdays .
(JPN,medium) It is said that if we make success in our lives , we should try new things which we are unfamiliar and let put ourselves into new situation . This is like some catch phrases of some advertisements . I do not 100 % agree with this theory because people who can make success are only people who have found their devotions or niches . The reason why I stated I did not 100 % agree with giving statement on left page was that I could agree with the point of trying new things in order to make success . I think trying new things is very good for us because we fully utlize our experiences and knowledges , which reflect how we enthusiastically have lived in each of our lives , and concentrate to solve problems in each moment . Such experience definitely guide us to grow up and become more mature than before ; thus , it will increase the percentage of our success due to our own personal development . However , if we refer only making success like giving statement above , it si different soty . We are able to make success without making anything new . Whether or not we can male success depends on whether or not we can be passionate with what we are doing . Although what we do is sort of repetetive things , eventually we can meet success as long as we enjoy them and keep being motivated . Biologically , human brains are supposed to work well when we enjoy what we do and want to devote them . When we look back to history , it proves that people who keep their effort toward one thing and dedicate themselves into it have bacome famous historical person , such like scholers or artists , etc . We can always go to next chapter when we hope to do it . It is not necessary to try new things and take resks for it . The important thing is that figuring out our own devotions , niches . If we feel what we do is not we can be passionate , then we should urge ourselves to try new things . We should always believes our brain 's fuctions which lead us to sucess as long as we are passionate , enjoying what we do , and alway have vision to make success .
(TUR,high) Being succesful person is the dream of nearly everyone . Since we have started going to school , our family and our teachers advise us to be successful people and they show us many different tecniques for being successful . I believe that being succesful can not be done with the tecniques that people show us . I agree wit the idea that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' . Just as stared above , for me being succesful means being innovative person . I believe repeating something that has already done does not make people successful . But of course for being a successful person should know what people have done before . For example a sociologist already know what other theorists have said . So it is so easy for a sociologist to repeat what other teorist have said in his article . But I think this is not a success . Successful people should bring new ideas and even sometimes should take risks and challenge the existing ideas . Without challenging existing ideas or bringing new perspectives a sociologist can not be a successful person . When we look at the history we see many names who originatd new ideas . But nobody knows the other names , only their names are known . It is obvious that , trying new ideas always take some risks but do you think , we would be familiar with the Einstein if he did not take that risk ? Of course no , Einstein was perceived as a crazy man when he originated his famous theory but the time showed that he was right and time proved that he was a genious . Of course he faced with many difficulties because of trying new ideas and if he only applied the things that he already knew , nobody would remember his name today . It is obvious that making the things that you know very well is the easiest way . you can be happy by doing that , you can also be rich and famous for a short time however , this does not make you successful . The key of being successful is producing new ideas .
(ITA,medium) Since cars were invented the amount of them kept growing and there are more and more cars coming out every year not only that , but i noticed new car companies have come out in the past year , some of which were born and marketed torwards new cultural cultures and trends . This is just an example of new car companies coming out not to mention all the old status symbol cars luxury cars that alot of people desires and that arent only used as transportation vehicle but also to prove or show a social position . Today there is a lot of discussions about the enviorment and pollution , most governaments and cities are trying to preserve the enviorment doing their best to promote public transportantion or on the other hand trying to stop the traffic when the pollution rate is too high by alternating licence plates numbers on certain days . I dont think than any of that is really making anyone think twice about buying a car , most people love to be in their car , show it off , listen to music in it and even have their own scient in the car and would n't give that up for a train or a public bus . There is another reason , cars run on oil and oil as we know is a huge business and even though there are talks and successful experiments about hydrogen cars I feel like these wont be on hour streets untill we completely run out of oil that is cause of the interests of the corporations and countries involved in this business . The question now is if in twenty years from now we will run out of oil or how much the world population will grow and how many interestes will be in it and the new tecnologies . Surely the car indu
(TEL,high) The entire education system is so planned that an individual first gains knowledge about many academic subjects and then , after deciding his field of interest , he moves towards specialization in a specific subject of his interest . My opinion is that it is better to specialize in one subject . Therefore , I disagree with the staement that it is better to have a braod knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . I would define specilization as becoming an expert in whatever field we choose . The main reason to hold this opinion is that ordinary people rely more on specialists for information about a subject . When people are more comfortable in one or two subjects , then they can continue with that subject and become specialists . Also , specialists from different fields can come together and solve a problem better rather than people who lack in-depth knowledge about different fields . It is better to study the subject in which we are interested rather that try to get knowledge of many subjects which donot interest us . A jack of all trades will become good for nothing . A person will be comfortable to study the field in which he is interested . In this way specialization will make every one do their best and contribute to the society in a better way . There are various fields of specialization in medicine . People do go to a general physician when they have small and general problems like fever , head aches and body pains . The physician does an overall check-up and if he finds some serious problem then he recommends a patient to a specialist who deals with that problem . If specialists were not there , then it would become difficult for a general physician to deal with the numerous problems that human body can face . This applies to all other fields such as engineering and research . There are some situations when a broad idea of different subjects are needed . In such cases , experts from different fields acn come together and solve the problem . This applies mainly to research where many factors are to be considered for one specific task .
(GER,medium) Advertisement should be form of product information for the customer that could give a basis to compare one product with another one . Therefore it should consist all of the features the product consists . So all positive aspects of a good will be displayed in the ads and the negative ones will beleft out . Cigarettes for example were always glorified as a emormous gain in lifestyle and persolal selfdetermination , but the risks of getting cancer and other illnesses were never mentioned . The means that are used in advertisements , strive to deconnect the customers buying decission from the real technical features of products and change the rational decission into an emotional . Why do we never see a blank white sheet with only the product information ? We wo n't get emotional . Therefore there is always a message and an image which is bought with the product itself . In tv spots show often stories that have nothing to do with the good it is advertising , but it should get the client into a positive mood and influence the decission . Flight and hotel advertisements often show woderful habitations and beaches that create the illusion of a perfect time in vaccations , but will not state the problems there might be with enviroment around the accomodation or the problems of the people who life there . So you
(GER,medium) I am of the opinion that it is hard to say if in twenty years will be more cars in use than today or not . Today a lot of people - almost everyone - in Germany have a car or even more than one car . A car symbolizes someone 's status nowadays which is pretty said . I think that there are too many cars on the street because of the pollution and damaging the enviornment . Why ca n't people walk or drive by bike ? Why ca n't they even use the train ? People get lazy . But I presume that the tickets for a train cost too much also . It is said that germans have no money but it is possible for them to buy a car . ? ! Where is the point ? I think there is no point . But I really like that trucks are not permitted to drive sundays a coulpe of hours because the noise is gone . In twenty years peolpe are probably even lazier than they are today because everything becomes automatically and robots are going to be a normal use . So I actually do not think that there will be fewer cars in 2026 . On the other side it is possible that there will be fewer cars because people get poorer . Everything becomes more expensive nowadays and people get less money . Cars will be more expensive in a couple of years , too , and of course the gas . The gas is one of the major problems . It gets too expensive and people cannot effort buying it anymore . And maybe there will be a law which says that people are not allowed to drive a car in a certain time period of the day and then people do not need a car . As a conculsion I would like to mention that it is very hard to say wheather there will be fewer cars in 2026 or not . People change and time changes , too . You never really know what will happen in the future . Everything happens for a reason .
(JPN,medium) Most advertisements make products much better than they really are except tabacco and medicine advertisement . In the tabacco advertisements , they always express bad images of tabacco . Outside the package of tabacco , they write about the concern cancer with tabacco . In the advertisement of tabacco , we can watch bad images of tabacco , but many smorkers do n't stop smorking in spite of these advertisements . My friends watch these advertisements of tabacco everyday , but keep smorking . The advertisements of medicine have a restriction , so medicine company ca n't use a expression which tells more effects than they really are . But about other products besides tabacco and medicine , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . In the TV commercials , beautiful women and handsomes men use these product in sophysticated places happily . And also we can listen fun commercial musics which make the images of these products better . Sometimes famous movie stars appear in the commercials and tell us how these products are great and useful . There TV commercials are broadcasted on TV several times in a day , and finally we remember the names of these products unconciously . Advertising companies try to make commercials which impress good and strong images of these products to costomers . In Japan , commercials with comedy touch is fashined . In these advertisements , famous comedians says something funny words to impress the product tocostomers during the commercials Costomers unconciously remember the funny words . Children tell the funny word in their school and laugh with friends . These word
(ITA,high) If you open a textbook , for example a math one used in the past at school , it 's quite easy to notice that each theory and concept is followed by a practical example that explains and allows the student to get a better understanding of the cited rule . In fact I personally think that this is the way students learn better and easier . A concept on itself without an example sometimes does n't have much sense and it can be difficult to memorize it . For istance , there are some subjects that have no meanings without facts and I believe history is one of these ones . A student ca n't just have the idea of what is `` The Second World War '' without knowing the real historical events concerned to it . It would be an empty information . In my opinion history can be defined as a facts based subject where the ideas or concepts are almost irrelevant . Although what I 've just said it depends much on the kind of subject you are going to study . Some of them strictly require something more than the idea , meanwhile for others can be useless because it 's already clear by itself . Facts such as dates , examples , references give probably a hand to the student at first when he approaches to study something new , once the student has understood well I agree with the general opinion which is that facts are secondary to the idea and they may lose their importance and can be forgotten . As a result learning facts is helpful but it 's not all . even a single fact does n't have sense if we do n't understand the reason we are studying it . In summary it 's important to have a balance between these two kind of learning because only doing this a student can really reach a high level of knowledge .
(KOR,high) In this ambivalent society , the issue whether there will be fewer numeber of vehicles on the land in the future or not is often raised and debated . A portion of society believes that there will be much more cars in our lives , since the opportunity of delivering goods increases as time goes by ; however , I have a differing idea . In twenty years , the number of cars will decrease because the society encounters environmental and social changes : the Greenhouse Effect , and Globalization . One example of a trigger that makes the number of cars reduce can be seen in the responses to the Greenhouse Effect . As society grows , environmental issues are raised , especailly the Greenhouse Effect . This Effect , caused by damaging gases emitted from cars , harms ecological order by influencing sea level to rise . Furthermore , unexpectedly changing climates threatens human live directly : Tsunami in Indonesia . Therefore , people begin to invent alternative vehicles that does not make harmful gases , such as hybrid vehicles . In addition , the increasing uses of bikes encourage people to avoid air pollution . Thus , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in our lives to protect our surronding safe and clean . Not only do the current events furnish an endless array of examples encapsulating the claim that the number of cars on land will be reduced in the future , but social trend does as well ; a prime example is Globalization . As the whole world become a one town , the opportunity to trade and travel among foreign countries has been expanding . As a result , rather than cars that are limited in only one continent , airplanes will attract more people in the future . For example , according to the research in Korea , about 85 % of the nation prefers airplanes as transportation . Also , as most companies , such as Samsung , LG , and Sony , expands their markets toward other countries , the importance of taking airplanes , instead of driving cars in domestic markets , are percieved by many nations . In the paragraphs above , I have shown that in twenty years , there will be much fewer cars in our live , but much more alternative vehicles that prevent environment and help to adopt international trend , Globalization . So , I call the readers to make technological progress in innovating our limited transportation to prepare comming future society .
(HIN,high) I completely agree with the statement that `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . '' Having a broad knowlege of many subjects will give a lot of exposure , new subjects will create interests and also provide better career prospects for students . Students will gain a lot of exposure by studying many different subjects . This will also prepare them to take classes in different departments . I personaly feel that this is a very good option as this will make them interact with other students coming from different backgrounds as well gain valuable knowledge . Moreover , studying a wide variety of subjects will help students develop new interests that they might eventually take up and make a career of it . Let me support this with an example . While I was studying `` Architecture '' we were asked to take a wide variety of subjects like Interior Design , Lanscaping , Theory of Structures , Humanities and History of Architecture . While studying these subjects i developed a lot of interest in the subject of `` History of Architecture '' which eventually i went on to make a career in it . Today I am working with the `` National Heritage Conservation Committee '' as a architect guiding the govenment about the various teachniques and means to protect the heritage and historical monuments . Lastly this also creates better career prospects for students as a lot of prospective employers and firms want to recruit people who have a broad knowledge about a lot of subjects in their respective field . As their knowledge tremendeously helps them in a lot of projects where such inputs are required and turn it into success ! For example a student with a broad Knowledge of `` Sustainable Design '' and Project Management will definately have an edge over a student with knowlege only in `` Interior design '' . Thus it is important for students to have a broad knowledge of amny academic subjects instead of specializing in one specific one and I completely agree with it .
(CHI,medium) I agree this statement . Young people are too lazy to help people nowdays , although we sing : `` stand hand in hand '' everyday in school . Young people nowdays are getting more and more selfish . We can hardly see a young person helping a old granny to cross the road nowdays , because we prefer chating with friends beside the roads . I do not really know South African young people 's behaviour , but i know young people in China very well . Of cousre , not all of us are selfish and unconsidering , but the majority of the youth are selfish . They are everywhere , in the school , on the street and even just in our families . Unfortunately , i think that i am one of them too . i remember when i was in the schools of China . We need to do the daily cleaning everyday by ourselves , because that was and still is the part of our school duties . Class teacher divided us into several groups , and told us the date that we would be on duty . We want a nice and clear environment to study , although we do not want to do the cleaning by ourselves . Therefore we expected the other people could work harder to get the classroom clean . BUT , other people also thought that way . So , as you can imagine , we all worked not hard eough . Therefore , the next day we had a untidy , dirty classroom . People who had duty on that day might think that : They did not do the cleaning well , so why should I ? Therefore , the next day we had a untidy , dirty classroom again . Then it just carried on like this , so we never had a clear classroom ! That looks ridiculous , but that was exactly what happen . That is all about selfishness . Young people are just like that , pushing the duties to the others . Then the others will push them to someone else . We just cannot understand that if we help the others , they will help us oneday , when we are expriencing difficulties . Young people nowdays DO have enough time to helping their communities , but they just do not want to give it .
(GER,high) The statement is certainly true . Products ' qualities are exaggerated by advertisements . As there is no empirical support available , I will support this position twofold . First , I will give two short examples of such advertisements . Second , I will discuss possible explanations of the phenomenon . If there are both fitting cases and a compelling theory , we have the best evidence availiable without further study . Finally , I will briefly discuss possible actions . The first example relates to a typical car spot . The cars are almost always polished to brilliance , the only exception being spots on Jeeps , Hummers and the like . But these types of car are designed for use in wilderness . SUV ( meaning Sports utility vehicle ) is ironically referred to as a ` suburban utility vehicle ' . The spots pretend a reality that does not exist . Also , often the windows of the cars are made of black glass . I suppose this stresses the geometric features of the cars and lets it appear a bit mystique . Summed up , the cars are always in perfect shape and not in the state of your average car . Using small and smart tricks , the spots manipulate the expectations and the image you might have of the car . Another example is a recent advertisement for milk that I saw . In the morning , the whole family sat together around a nice table in a beautiful kitchen . the sun was shining , and everybody was havong fun and drinking milk . This scenario probably is a bit overstretched and not corresponding to the average breakfast . it was suggested that milk and the enjoyable situation are linked together . After these two short examples , we proceed to possible explanations . A set of them is located in the dynamics of the competition on the market . Firms , if they are to survive , are forced to sell their goods . To this end , they try to compel the comsumer to buy the company 's product , and not the competitor 's . Therefore , firms make their goods appear as good as possible . Advertisements not only serve to immediately selling products - they also increase the prestige of the company 's brand . A well-known name allows a company to take higher prices for its products , for consumers base their decisions upon incomplete information about the products . They assume that a well-known brand also means well-established quality , which would justify higher prices . Also , game theory helps a bit in explaining the phenomenon . A company cannot be sure that the competitor 's advertisements are true . So the company may be tempted to cheat a little to boost its sales in a presumably unfair competition . In political science , this constellation is known as prisoner 's dilemma . Regarding possible solutions , the EU has some regulations on advertisements that do not exist in the United States . In the EU , companies are not allowed to include information about the product they know to be wrong . Also , the EU has stricter guidelines on ingredients in foods and their publication . Apparently , there might be some room to manouevre in the legislative area to tackle the problem . On the other hand , an informed consumer judging on the basis of the best knowledge will be the best weapon against these kinds of misleading advertisements .
(ITA,high) The main issue graduate students face just after their studies is the choice between gaining a more broad view of the business world or specializing in a particular field with academic studies . The real problem is that in the real business world we must be ready to face different choices , and we need a broad knowledge of many different subjects . Therefore , gaining experience and knowledge on different fields by studying different subjects and working for different companies can give a competitive advantage , that can be described as flexibility . The second solution , on the other hand , is important because a deep knowledge of a particular subject can result in a competitive advantage as well , that can be described as non-sostitutability . Both arguments seem to be contradictory , but taken together can result in greater opportunities in the the corporate world . I would say that essentially both are relevant : a worker with a very broad knowledge of many different subjects will find several opportunities in many companies , but his/her limited specific knowledge on a particular matter may result in being overcome by more skilled colleagues . A specialized worker can be considered as an asset , but as his/her specialization goes out of business , the worker will not be able to suit new roles . This can be considered as a lock-in effect . Let 's consider , as an example , the Internet Era : with the new e-commerce some managers with a broad knowledge of different fields could exploit that opportunity , resulting in successful strategic choices . Very skilled managers with a very focused knowledge , let 's say just on a standardized pipe line , could not exploit the Internet Era opportunity due to the fact they were missing some crucial skills . At the same time , a very specialized worker like an electrical engineer will have an advantage when his skills are particularly requested in a particular sector . With the Internet Era , a lot of computer engineers found several opportunities . In conclusion , I think that in order to be a skilled and successful worker , a person should have a broad knowledge basis on many different academic subjects , and a specialization in the particular field where he/she is interested in working in .
(TUR,medium) I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , because ideas and concepts are the roots of the facts , it is the ideas that make the facts to exist and undestanding ideas will help the students to be productive . First of all , in order to rely on some facts there must be generated some ideas and concepts . That is , all facts depend on some ideas and understanding of these ideas causes the occuring of facts . Moreover , to learn the facts we have to understand the thought behind the fact . Just learning facts will cause the students not to generate new issues and this will cause the number of researches in the schools to drop and soon there exists a generation that is not producing anything but always living with the one in the hand . In addition , it is only possible to develop facts in the light of ideas and concepts . There are facts that is supposed not to change forever like the facts of physics . There are laws of physics and they are supposed not to change . However , there is one point that these facts and laws replaced the old ones . Therefore learning a fact is not big deal but understanding the ideas will develop the socities . As a final point , learning facts will just cause students to memorize the facts . However , if they understand the idea behind the fact , they will undestand the topics better . Moreover , there maybe some students that handle these topics think about them and make some suggestions about them that can be fact in the future . In conclusion , encouraging students to understand the ideas will improve the researches and will cause the students to be open minded . Besides , the students that are trying to see and understand further will contribute to the development of the society .
(FRE,medium) The number of car is a problem , a problem for the planet , a problem for a city . We need to reduce this number to pollute less and increase the atraction of the big cities . All this things are evident but , if the question is : do you think there will be fewer cars in twenty years , I aswer with no hesitation : no , and for two reasons . First I think that fewer cars can come from a revolution in poeple minds . To me , we are no ready to abandon the concept of : a family , a house , a car . In spite of all the good arguments ecologists can give , everybody wille feel the need to hqave got his oun car . Of course cities are developping bus systems and metro lines but it will never be enouth to accept to to by a car . I admit that maybe it can provoque some changes about how often poeple use the car . Only for the week end or in vacations . Then , we have to change the level of analysis . Car question is a global issue and we have to consider the problel on the international level . If we can admit that we will see less car in the big cities of developped countries , it is difficult to imagine the reaction if somebody explained to China citizen that they did not have the right to buy cars . Today things are not going so bab but can we imagine the situation when asian poeple will be rich enouth to buy a car ? To some extent , we could say that global development force us to integrate the idea : no , it is impossible to think a world with fewer cars aware of the consequences of globalisation . To conclude we can say that , if we can imagine less car for Europe , it is impossile at the planet level .
(JPN,medium) I believe that people who are successful try a lot of new things even though they have high risks for the following reasons ; changeing time , improve themselves , and enjoying themselves . First of all , time must be changeing . Our life style are changeing with time change . For example , people who lived in sexteen century did not use cars . Their transportation was horse , caws , and so on . However , now , we cannot live without cars , especially in the United States . A person , who made car at first , may be successful , and made us more convinience to live . One idea can change our life . Second , when we are trying a new things , we can learn how to endure without conciousness . When we learn new things , we need a lot of knowledge , infortmation , and results of tests . It will take a long time . I respect to Mendel , who identified the existance of DNA in 19th century . He tried mating peas again and again . Finally , trying new things make ourselves happy . In my opinion , people who do not have curiocity are like old-men . For example , I am very interested in Science , especially Biochemistry . When I study it , I am excited and I enjoy studying it . When I get good score on tests , I am very glad to study it hard . In addition , I can understand what happened I , environment , and earth thorough the science aknowledgements . In my childhood , I was not interested in Science ; however , after I came the United States , I took chemistry class , my mind was opened . I felt that I could do anything I want to do . Therefore , I can enjoy my life , now . In conclusion , I think people do not have to worry about risks of trying new things . Trying new things will make them more optimistic and give a lot of confidence to them .
(FRE,medium) What is the most important things we have to learn at school or at university ? That is the question ... Is the most important thing to have a good understanding of the main concepts or ideas ? Or is it to learn a lot of informations , without having a good comprehension of the main concepts ? According to me , the main character for a good student at the end of the school is a good comprehension and an hability for reproducing the concepts . In your argumentation , we will present some elements in order to give our own opinion . First , I think it 's very important for a student to be abble to reproduce the main ways of a reflexion . For example , concerning a mathematical exercise , a student wil be judged about his hability to do again the problem with different informations . So that 's more important , it is'nt the basic informations but the way of reflexion . It 's generally the same for evey scientific topics . To my mind , it 's better to understand the general ideas until of the general facts . Secondly , I believe for general facts as the history facts , students have all time to learn it in the free time . For example , I do n't think a little boy , if he does n't know the name of the actual President , will be a bad student . On the contrary , this boy can have the informations by other ways : television , news-paper , radio ... And I do n't think the perfect student is the student who knows everything concerning all the topics . So for me , a good student will generally curious and in the most cases , he will search the informations by his owns capabilities . Last but not least , it 's clear that understanding concepts is more important in the real life that learning a lot of facts . In fact , if a young student has many habilities in learning his history lessons at the age of 8 years , but without understanding concepts , it will probably be hard for him to continue high school . So it 's necessary to early learn comprehension and understanding . To sum up our reflexion , it appears that understanding the main ideas and concepts is very important for a student who wants to integrate an high school . The facts are also important , but we have all the time to get it , whereas it is not the case for the general comprehension .
(ARA,low) In my opinion , I agree with the statement that said most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . In my passage I am going to explain why I agree with this statement . Also , I am going to explain why some companies do this kind of advertisements . I accept this idea because I saw many kind of advertisments that makes the prodoucts better than real . They are dozen of reasons that make the companies make this kind of advertisment . But in my opinion I think the main reason is the compititon spirit between companies . This spirit make the companies try to interduce thier products as a best product in the market , and some time those companies do n't have the quality to produce this product then they have to produce an advertisment make customers think this product or this offer is the best choise , but in real this is wrong and the advertisment makes the customer chiose this option . In conclusion , the advertisments is an industry and companies use this industry to show thier products in the best way , even if this product does n't have the quality .
(ARA,low) Young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities . The reason why I said that is obvious . Because nowday we see yong people are interested or we can say beasy with other selly things rather than helping their community with things can be usefull to them or to others in the future . They spent most of their time in front of the TV watching some movie or watching a video clip for some stupid singer , if not then you can see them lestinning to the music all day long or playing video games with their friends like they never want to grow up . By any chance if they get fed up with all these stuffs , they continue their day by playing some kind of a game football or basketball or volly ball or any other game they figure . After they finish with all these game and eventually they want to behave like adults or grown up people , they go and date thier girlfriends and take them to fancy restaurants . During the weekend they go swimmming or climbing or shopping or to do some other things . what I dont understand why dont try to make some time to help their communities . As I always say build your community if you want to build your self . I think we should encorage young people to serve the community by putting some plans to create the love of their community inside them .
(KOR,medium) I agree with the statement . With the advent of industrialised society , people are getting more and more immersed in their own business not having time to look back and around their community . In this circumstances , coming generations are more accustomed to this trend of society focusing on their own things . Industry also reflect this personally oriented trend in their products , like personal computer and mp3 players . This personalized products encourage peoples ' mind to care their own self . The style of housing also affect the mind of people , especially condominium in urban areas blocks people having conversation with neighbors and it 's structure hinder contact with neighbors . Also at home , parents have little time and interest to educate them of altruistic mind . They are busy in their own life to live . This can lead young people think only about themselves and have no concern to other people . These and other factors influence young people uninterested in their surroundings . Young peole are typically keen on what they are pursuing and what they are wanting . And they concentrate on what they favor . We can see this case in computer games . Some young people play the game to the end of his life not feeling time to have rest , because they are so immersed in the game . What modern let
(SPA,medium) I think that those persons that try new things and take risks their have more success than those thaty only doing what they already know how to do well . One the many reasons is that people that try new things in their live is because their are looking at how to be altruist and how to be success . For instance , if I want to be a competitive person sending cars , I need to have many ideas in order to create new models and new types , more strongs , more sures , cheaper and nicer . I have to try many risks during the elaboration the this cars , I have to risk much money in employers that they be more preparated and I must give them all the necesities that the government 's law requirs . If I want to be altruist , I need to take risk even though I get scare . One person who does not like to be altruist and success does not try any thing because he or she has scare and always they will be people comfortables and aphatics . by the way those persons who try take risk their will recognize in many places of the world . Other instance is that if someone has a factory of shoes and has many competers , he or she needs to try new techiques and new methods to make new types in order to compete with others factories . But these factories which does not try compete with other factories , may be they are going to disappear easily and their models are going to be unusual , unlike , and uglies . For this reason you need to be compettitive person if you want to be success and if want to be someone in your live to beer famous and be recognized whe you get death
(FRE,high) I agree with the statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they actually are . Indeed , advertisements are made in order to sell a product , they are not based on objectivity . In my opinion , advertisements are not a fair representations of the products they are proning . Most of the time they emphasyse the good side of the product but they avoid mentionning the eventual problems that can be found when they are used . For instance , an advertsiement for a piece of clothing will insist on the aesthetical aspect or on the fact that it follows the current fashion , but it wo n't insist on the fact that the fabric may be of bad quality . Furthermore , advertisements make product seem better because , when it comes to clothing , the garment is advantaged by the fact that it is wore by a person who fits the aesthetic criteria of the population . When a potential byer sees a piece of clothing , it is always presented to him in a way that it appears to perfectly shape the body whereas , in reality , the advertisors have certainly choosen the person who will make the garment look perfect . It probably wo n't be the case when an average person wera it . Last , the people who designed the advertisement often do surveys prior the release of the product . The surveys are used to ask to a certain number of people , representative of the class aimed by the product , what they think about the product , what they like or dislike about the its shape . This way of funcionning unables the designers to know what are the attracting sides of the product , it is easy then to highlight those aspects in the advertisement in order to attract the buyer . That is why I think that people should not trust the advertisements they run accross . Most of the time it has been designed to appeal to the customer and , when used , will prove to be much different than what one could have expected by seeing the advertisement .
(FRE,high) Nowadays , the use of cars is quite controversial . Indeed , some people are defenitely still in favour of keeping them , whereas some others claim its use should be reduced , if not banned . The consequences this debate may have on the future use of cars , and the reasons of this debate deserve to be discussed . At frist glance , this issue may appear superficial , but it is an essential one , since it is related to one fundamental problem the whole world is facing , that is to say environment . Indeed , the car is a major source of pollution . However , western countries'inhabitants are used to it , and would see its disappearance as a step toward the past . For a long time , car has symbolised modernity , but moreover freedom . With a car , one can go wherever he wants , whenever he decides it . In the United States maybe more than in any other countries , car has been praised as a fundamemtal element of one 's life . Billy Wilder 's moovie , ` Sunset Boulevard ' states that he just ca n't live without his car , since it would be like having his legs cut . Considering these facts , it is hard to assert that in twenty years , cars will no longer be used . Though , there is no denying that its use will probably slow down . More and more people feel concerned about pollution , and as I said it previously , the car is a major source of pollution . These people aim at gaining some influence in the political fields , in order to get the opportunity to be heard . In Europe , their influence over the debate is increasing , and countries such as Sweden as more and more often taken as examples , since it is a pionneer in this field . In the wake of this change concerning the environment issue , many countries have already implememted different kinds of policies in order to lower its use . Despite it is often rejected by the populations , we may hope behaviours will evoluate . In addition to that the lack of oil which is more and more discussed may lead to changes towards the lowering of cars ' use . So , as a conclusion , I would say that there will certainly be fewer cars in use in twenty years , but we will have to wait for a little longer I think , to see the obvious changes .
(TEL,medium) I support that there will not be fewer cars in the future twenty years comparing to these days . The reason that day to day life is changing depending on the cost of living and the easy way to move from one place to another with more safety . Since the technology is being advanced in all the feilds , people prefer the different technology cars in the up coming days . As we know that there are lot of accidents on two wheelers . These cars provide the safest way to reach the long distances in shorter time and safe . Some countries like India , Japan , China etc still people prefer the easiest way to reach by walk is using a bike or motor cycle but fastiest way other than bike is car and its safe too . I too say that the day to day life the resources of petrol and diesel have been hiked since the quantity is low , nut in the future the technology brings the different way to use the cars without fuel and exiting resources . For example comparing to the companies like mercedes , general motors , ford , honda etc. , the researchers are doing they research on different fields to develop they company in different ways like safe driving , with low feul consumption , sleek designs in interiors and exterior , the technology used from one car to another in there own products . Some research oriented companies do there projects on automobiles that use less fuel , some on without fuels and some on driving without a driver with the help of GPS ( Global positioning system ) , and in engines too . These research help the company to move it to built new product in market . These technologies make the consumer attract in buying a new car and hence increases the rate of use the safest car to move from one place to another , this way the usage of car may lead to increase more cars in the future twenty years So i think so in future definitely the usage of cars will increase with different technology than compared to these days depending on the way there use them .
(TUR,medium) Considering the following points such as the world 's problem of overpopulation and the positive correlation between the number of cars and the potential drivers , we can state that there seems to be no sensible reason to believe in the idea that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today . Of course , one may claim the idea that the use of cars will diminish in twenty years since everyday we confront with one of the damages given to the atmosphere by the outputs of the cars such as harmful gases . Depending upon the hopefully stated point that newly-established ozone friendly transportation techniques will replace the widespread car use , one state that people will prefer rthese new brand of techniques to car use . However , before accepting this point , we need to consider some of the further issues . First of all , to build new transportation systems friendly with the ozone and capable of transporting large masses in a cost-effective way necessitates more money than it is ever estimated . There will ne a whole new system of highways or railways for the new kinds of transporters . Besides , in order to convince people use these tranporters rather than their own cars , the new brand transporters have to be much more comfortable than the cars used by people . If such a great invention cannot be made to either the transportation system or to the marketing of this system to become widespread , the project seems to fail down and people prefer to use their own cars rather than the new system . In order to make this system preferable over the use of car transportation , the benefits of the system such as its being cost-effective and less harmful to the oaone layer than the car usage should be explained publicly .
(KOR,high) Advertisements , which are important in selling products , make products seem better than they are in order to make it more appealing to consumers . Advertisers use many tricks and even false information to make the products seem better . Advertisements use aspects that appeal to people 's senses , such as the way the product looks , smells , or feels . Most advertisements use vivid imagery to attract attention . Advertisers enhance the appearance of the product by different effects such as lighting or coloring . Commericials for food products sometimes do not use the real product , but a imitation that is made unrealisitically . For instance , when advertising a hamburger , advertisers might use a bigger or a more fresh looking imitation of the hamburger . When a person actually goes to buy the product , they will notice a significant difference in the real product in comparison to the product shown in the commericial . Also , many advertisements use claims that are usually false . The advertisement might imply that the product makes a person looks more beautiful or has the power to make someone smarter . A commercial for perfume might imply that the person using the product gains more attention from people . However , these claims are highly exaggerated to make the product popular among customers . Advertisers use people 's weakness to appeal to them . For example , an advertisement commericializing a product that can lead to weight loss might show someone who is obese so that the consumer can relate to the advertisement and be convinced into buying the product . It is important for the consumer to question the product objectively . In conclusion , by different effects and methods , advertisements enhance the quality of the product , making it seem better than it actually is . This is to strengthen the purpose of the advertisements , which is to sell the product to many people .
(GER,high) The statement that young people have a greater ability to enjoy life than older people clearly is an issue worthy of discussion . In the following essay I try to give examples supporting and opposing this fact . In the beginning of this short passage it is necessary to state what can indicate enjoying ones life . The most intuitive points are of course the amount of time spent on activities , which bring fun to an individual . Examples for this can be sports , cultural activities such as theater or visiting the movie theater , social activities such as meeting with friends or visits in clubs , bars or discos . The actual amount of time spent on each activity clearly counts toward the young people . Yet it should not receive much attention , since growing age comes along with growing responsibility . We shall therefore try to acknowledge the subjective feeling of fun deriving from each activity for the individual . When it comes to sports , a difference between old and young people is not clearly distinguisable without thorough research , which cannot be conducted at this point . Most older people lie great emphasis on sports in order to stay healthy or free their minds by physical challenge . One could argue , that young people are taking the particular sport to a higher level , but this clearly does not support the idea of a greater enjoing . Every sport is enjoyable for the conducting individual , even if it is being practised at a very low level . Focusing on the cultural activities , a general viewpoint is necessary . In general the age of the individual determines its taste . Therefore the activities chosen are highly dependent on a individuals age . Again the type of activity chosen cannot determine whether one individual receives a higher reward in terms of fun from its choice , than the other individual does from the other choice . The third category stated above indicates the greatest difference between age groups . It is clearly observable and commonly known , that from a certain age onwards less emphasis is being laid upon going out a night and visiting bars , clubs or discos with friends . From a younger point of view this could be seen as a lack of fun in ones life . To conclude this paragraph the differences in behavior between old and young people are clearly visible . Yet this observation is lacking evidence that young people actually enjoy life more than older people . Thus this statement cannot be backed by thorough reasoning . The difference in behavior do not indicate more fun in life on one or the other side . Yet the positive correlation between age and responsibility could make it harder for older people to conduct fun activities .
(ARA,low) Undertanding ideas In my view , it is important for students to undertand ideas and concepts than its for them to learn facts . Also I think it is much easyier than learnings facts and more acceptable . For example , if he has a Biology class and the teacher is trying to explaine the lesson , the students will understanding hardly if the tf the teacher is explaining as a fact , but if the teacher explained it as an idea or a concept it will be easy like a peice of cake . Second , you have nothing to do with facts because in this century no one wants to lesson facts most of them prefare to know the something as an idea . I think also they will memorise it and remember it quickly more than facts . Another example , if you want to go to a campus and some of your friends aked you a question about a lesson , attitude , anything else you will not be able to answer him a good answer unless if you know it as an idea or a concept . I think also that the doctors studyed that understanding ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts and the doctors approved that by making experience on the poaple so he made groupe who undertand facts and another on Finally , I would like to advice all of poeple to undertand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts because it is easyier and more comfortable to all of us .
(ARA,medium) Its not easy to be successful in your life , some people are successful , other 's are not , and maybe the successful people are very less than the others , there is many ways to succsses in your life , for example : in your study , work , family and personal life . You may be successful in all of these , but you have to work hard to connect all your successes together , to get what you want and hope for , and that is the hard thing . The People who tried new things , have the soul of the adventure , they will never stop in the middle of the way and ca n't think what they should do next , they always paln 's what they should do , always want 's to be the best , not just stop and be counfused and fair from trying somtheing new , and its not wrong at all if they cant be what they want , because they are better than the others , at least they tried ! . Other people , who only are doing what they used to do well , maybe they are happy and successful one day , but not after time , they will be bored one day , and they will recognize that the things they were doing maybe worth 's nothing in the future . For example , a doctor , he cant stop at what he learned at collage , and he cant countinue his work in what he is good at , he should improve his abilites without stoping to get the successful in his work . I think people should never stop catching there dream 's and success 's , they should always look for there success and future , and never look back , in this whay they will improve them selves , and will be better and better day after day , and that is the successful .
(FRE,medium) The French Education system put a premium on the theorycal knowledge , contrary to other education system which emphasis parctical knowledge . which of the two could be the best ? Understand ideas and concepts is the base to be able to undersand the reality , the current events in the entire world . Indeed , theorical knowledge and culture permit to be open minded , to analyse a situation with the nessary competence . For example , a brilliant manager has to know a great variety of information to make the righ choice . Moreover , France promotes the ` Classes preparatoire '' , it is two year of hard work to integrate the best business schools . To succed the exam , you have to learnt a great amount of concepts : you have to study mathmatics , economics , philosophy , history . The goal of this learning is to give you kwonledge to cope with all types of situations , in every day life , at work ... But on the other hand , to understand concepts is no suficient . I think it is something very interresting and useful , but students have to learn facts too . For example , certain adults did not study long time when they were young and they succed in life because they used their practical competences and their work experiences . So it is important for students to do training periods for example . To conclude , I think these two types of learning are linked , so they have the same impotance for me because if students know many concepts and they stay far from reality , it is a problem because in their future , for their career , both competences are required .
(SPA,medium) In the case of Latin America I think that is better to have a broad knowledment of different subjets because you can manage more activities and realize multi-task jobs . In my own experience , to find a job the recluiters ask you not for specific knowledge in a specific field . They ask you more about the knowledge in different areas that can help you to solve problems . In addition , when I was working I learned about diffrerent subjects because my job demand it . For example , I am Electrical Engineering so I have a background in electronics and technical aspects , my last work was Project Management so I learned about Risk of the projects , financial stuffs , logistics , manage of human resources . I have friend , he 's profession is architect and he read a lot about different subjects because he is trying to apply the mathematics , the psicology , and the maketing to the decoration of a room . He analizes the psicological profile of his clients and try to design according with their interest and hobbies . The people who have broader knowledment can manage more tasks and can make the jobs that others dont know . Its easier to explain how to make something to a person who has knowledge in more fields . On the other hand , some activities requires specialized resources for example people who repair , and build airplanes . Those works need specialized knowledge , but needs more years of specializacion in a field . In conclusion , I 'm agree with the statement because for the society its better to have people with knowledge of different branches . In the case of Latin America the people can make multi task jobs .
(FRE,high) In my country , the educational system both teaches you to understand ideas and concepts and to learn facts . These two concepts have their own advantages . However , I believe it is more important to understand ideas and concepts . That is why I agree with the statement . First , l think that learning facts is not a clever method to follow because it does not lead to create intelectual stimulation . Indeed , even if I agree to say that it could be a nice way to strike students by giving funny or odd examples , the thing is that you cannot simply remember all the facts you are supposed to learn . For example , during my history classes in College , I had to remember long lists of events and facts without connections between them . This was so dense and unclever that I did not remember half of them ! On the contrary , understanding ideas and concepts is more useful . First , by understanding them you will be able to implement them in the future , contrary to the facts or events which you cannot obviously re create . Second , school is supposed to prepare you for your professional life . So if you understand the ideas and concepts , you will understand how does it works and will be able to deal efficiently with challenges . For instance , I attended some economics courses . Thanks to my understnading of some key concepts , I now better understand how does the world works , and especially the political system . Thus , because students are supposed to face the professional life with the most numerous keys possible in order to deal with it successfully , I strongly think that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than simply learn by heart facts and events .
(HIN,high) I would agree with the statement that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialise in one specific subject '' I think it is wise to be a ` jack of all trades but may be master of none ' . If one knows sufficient about many subjects but not everything about a particaular subject then he might not be able to top any subject but atleast he would not fail any of the subjects and if he performs reasonably ok in most then his overall performance would certainly be enhanced . Also it is always helpful in daily life aswell as in terms of future prospects if one has a broad academic knowledge . This would open him to far more career opportunities than if he limits his knowledge to only certain subjects . Say for example , in high school , some one who has scored grade ` A ' in physics or mathematics while grade ` c ' in all other subjects , although may be able to get into a top class engineering university but would not have much other choices left incase he decides not to go for engineerin . On the other hand , if one scores a ` B ' in most of his subjects he may not be able to get into the top class college but would certainly manage in a fairly good college and at the same time enjoy the liberty of having many career options to choose . This also comes into play when one is applyinfg for jobs in future as the person having knowledge in various academic fields would find himself in a situation where he could apply in various institutions . Also in place of his work , he might someday make use of his knowledge in other academic fields than what he is currently practicing , helping him handle a critical situation better and attain more success at work and a thus a brighter future ahead . To summerise , knowledge never goes waste . So its better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Although exceptions might be there , as they always are , but in the long run it helps to have a broader spectrum of knowledge .
(GER,medium) That is a really difficult question . I think cars a one of the most important vehicle which we have and want . We need it every day , it does not matter what we do . If we go to to work , if we go to sport or if we just visit a friend , we going almost every time by car . Indeed , we can use a puplic vehicle like a bus or a train too , but in some cases it is really difficult or just impossible to go somewhere by bus or train . I live in a very small town , which is almost 30 minutes away from my school and from the next big city . If I go by bus and train to school , it would take me more than one houer . I would spent one houer on the way to school and one houer on the way back . By car I just need half the time , so I safe quiet a lot time in which I can do other things , things which are more important . Just if we get something else as a car , like little plains , then I guess it would be possible that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than today . The current standard is not the final result , but it is a starting point for new and better development . Therefore it is possible , that in few years we going by little plains to work or school . A vehicle was the most important invention in the 19th centuries , it makes our life much easier . Accordingly I do not think that we just say , okay all vehicle away and we do not need them either . We have to develop new and better cars to protect things like nature . Nature is one of the most important thing which we have in the whole world . But we destroy a part of it with pollution . That we have to change . This is the only reason which I can think of , that we get fewer cars or vehicle , because our nature is distroyed to much . But present we do think about it , to solve this problem , like a mentiond above already , we develop new and better cars with less pollution . We all the cars are away , we would have a lot of workless poeple . If I just think about , how many peole work in the car industry , that is quiet unimaginale , because that are so a lot . In reason of all above mentioned facts and my own opion , which I also tried to explaind about , I think we would have everytime somethink like a car or a vehicle .
(SPA,high) My personal opinion towards this matter is that a person with a specialised academic subject tends to be more successful than someone who has a good general overview of most subjects . By this I do not mean that a person with a specialised subject is more knowledgable than a well rounded person . Someone who has studied a subject in depth and has received a degree for it , will be more prone to getting a good job in their field of study than someone who has a wider general knowledge but a shadier knowledge in a certain particular field . Nowadays , a degree is perhaps the most essential element required in order to get a good job due to the increasing competitiveness for places . Therefore , somebody who lacks this degree will not be as likely to get the job as someone who has perfected their field of study , as the latter is likely to be more efficient and to provide a company with a different and wider approach of the subject required . Notwithstanding that it is important to specialise in a field of study , it is also essential to have a wide understanding of other aspects in life which could be helpful towards a career . Through past experience , I have encountered people who concentrate on a subject and are probably near to being the best at it . However , I have also noticed that some of these people lack basic skills such as socialising with others . This is not a generalisation , but a partial observation . In conclusion , it is vastly important to have a good knowledge of a certain field of study , but optimally , it would be better to have an equilibrium between the two , having a broad general knowledge as well as knowing substantialy about a certain topic .
(GER,high) There are widespread opinions on the responsibilities and expectations of young people nowadays . I think that young people today still spend sufficient time helping their communities . But before beginning the reasoning , `` young people '' and `` helping their communities '' needs to be defined : I consider young people to be teenagers of the age between 13 and 19 years old . Help in communities comprises activities , such as supporting the elderly , being engaged in municipal politics , playing in a sports club , or spending time with small children during holidays . Many young people today are engaged in politics to help their communities . The number of members joining political youth organizations has steadily increased over the last ten years . When talking to those teenagers , I can see their motivation and enthusiasm to participate in political work . They are aware that they have a responsibility towards their community and even enjoy this fact . Secondly , the popularity of sports clubs has never decreased . Most young people are at least in one club , such as the local soccer , tennis , or track and field team . Although some sports have seen a decrease in members , other sports have become more attractive . This can be exemplified by sports like American football , baseball and beach volleyball . Finally , young people today are aware that social activities are meaningful and even useful for their future life . Everybody who wants to apply for a job after school knows that these activities are an important part of their resume . Somebody who has not participated in any social community work is less likely to be an attractive applicant . Some might object that nowadays young people spend more and more time playing computer or surfing the internet . However , this objection can be countered by the fact that young people used to watch TV a lot or maybe read books instead . The argument misses to state how young people in former times helped their communities . To summarize , the political engagement , the popularity of sports clubs , and the awareness demonstrate that young people nowadays do spend enough time on helping their communities .
(HIN,medium) Every statement has two sides one is negative and other is positive . but i will take a balanced stand for the above statement . In twenty years there will be few cars in use , if technology advances as rapidly as one can think . on the other side , there will be more cars in use than today . Firstly , if government tries to emphasize only on the profit making tasks then there will be very few cars in future . the people who are already in power tries to overcome the middle class and low class people . they will try to be at the highest level . on the other side of the coin , if goverment make some policy that rich people can own limited facilities . then other middle and low class people come into limelight . So they can start thinking of facilitation . Secondly , if government concernd just with economy , then we can say that there will be fewer cars in the future . To maintain the system , government needs financial support also . if every one tries to buy a car , then there must be lowest economy level . it can cause the problem of valueless resources . Thirdly , as the technology advances , rich people try to get the latest facilitation . but middle class people remain with their old cars . this advancement can be in face of less expensive things . so that other people can also purchase the same latest technology car . In sum , i conclude that the number of cars will be fewer if currency value will be higher . this number can be increased if currency value will be less . So currency level is dependent upon the economical state of the country . If the government is well concerned about the the growth and developement of the entire country then there will be higher numbers of cars in the furure .
(FRE,high) In twenty years I believe that the number of cars in use will have fallen . This is mainly due to increasing expenses linked to owning a car coupled with the fact that public transportation is becoming easier , cheaper and more efficient to use . Not forgetting , of course , growing awareness in the damages caused to the environment . Owning a car is becoming more and more expensive . At this rate in twenty years time a lot of people will probably no longer be able to afford such a luxury . Petrol prices are spirelling evermore out of control . The stock market price is at an all time high and nothing seems to be indicating that this trend will change and that prices will fall back down . Add to this factor , the price of insurance , of car repairs , of the car itself as well as parking . Numbers have actually shown that in France the number of new cars being sold has dropped dramatically these past few years . The number of cars already in circulation being so high people can easily find what they 're looking for at a convenient price on the second-hand market . I think that public tranportation also has its role to play . As fuel prices rise , traffic jams and pollution increase , people seem to be turning more and more to public tranportation . Public transportation has evolved tremendously the past few years . Bus lanes have been privileged in order to avoid traffic jams , trains are going faster and faster at extremely competitive prices and a growing number of cities are loaning out bicycles free of charge . All this plus the huge publicity campaigns in order to promote public transport and reduce the number of cars . The fact remains that , especially in big cities , people prefer using public transport to the hassle linked to using a car . Take Paris for example , it is cheaper , faster and far less stressful to use the metro then to spend hours stuck in traffic jams with parisiens yelling at you from all sides and then having to look for a parking space ( which you 'll also have to pay for ) . Not to mention the impact on the environment . The growing awareness and support for environmental issues is also slowly beginning to reduce the use of cars . In my opinion , as the years pass this factor will play an evermore important role in the number of cars on the road .
(HIN,high) I strongly agree with the idea that twenty years from now there will be fewer cars on road than there are now . First of all , as the petroleum becomes expensive because of ever increasing demand , depletion of currently easily accessible and cheaply drilled wells not to mention the increasing costs associated with finding new source of petroleum , the people will become more reluctanct to spend huge money on gas and hence might feel motivated to use car-pools or public transit systems . Secondly , such huge rise in prices will also motivate government to increase investments on public transit systems such as subways and metros . Investment will also be made in reserach and development of faster means of conveyance with more security features than a car can provide . If the cars on road grow on increasing at current rates , it is highly likely that so will accidents . A safer and faster way of conveyance , if developed , is bound to attract people and hence fewer number of cars on roads . Another consideration is the traffic jams if the number of cars keep on increasing . The infrastructure is limited in any country and it can not match the pressure public is putting on it by bringing up new cars on road . Eventually , there might be no room for infrastrcture improvments in most countries and hence one will not be able to avoid daily ritual of traffic congestion . This situation is bound to make people give a second thought on using public transit or car-pools than traveling in one car all alone . In fact , if any of the reasons I mentioned above - the price of gas , the accidents , the traffic congestion , no room to expand infrastructure - becomes very worse , the government of that country might have to regulate the production of cars or create special permits to buy cars . Such regulations might seem to breach human rights in the first place , but they will do greater good to public at large in long run than harm . To conclude , the fact that natural resource such as petroleum and the possiblity of infrastructure expansion are limited , it is certain that in twenty years from now , the number of cars in use will be fewer .
(FRE,high) This debate puts the theoretical approach of studies into question . What is the value of facts and do they really stimulate students imagination ? To me , ideas and concepts have two complementary effects on students . On the one hand they make it possible to have a real ground for philosophical thoughts : they help us to understand our society and the evolution of our ways of thinking . They also stimulate our creativity and our ability to criticize but they obviously ask efforts that can discourage most of students . On the other hand they help us to make our own opinion . For example the economists ( from Friedman to Marx and Jean-Baptiste Say ) that are studied give their subjective views on the question `` how society and business must be run ? '' and the economic concepts surrounding their way of thinking allow students to find their own opinion . On the contrary , facts are already opinions because they are expressions of opinions . Their interpretation can be very dangerous . For example the way the historical strain between Japan and China is perceived by students from both countries acknowledges the fact that historical events are both objective and subjective ... and the teacher 's clout on students minds can become dangerous . I think that ideas first bring debates whereas facts lead to other facts . Of course students critizice the point in having a theoretical approach of concepts but the system seems nowadays appropriate : if we do n't take social backgrounds into account , you see that the longer you go to school , the more the courses become factual ( from school to undergraduate schools to MBA programs that make you take decisions and use exemples to lead your management abilities ) To conclude I would like to say , as a student , that facts are more interesting to hear , more captivating and Socrate already showed from its cavern with shadows that appearance is confusing . Indeed I would ask students to trust the way the
(GER,high) I agree with the statement . There are two dangers that lay within , if you specialize in one specific subject . One is the danger of not being able to find solutions to problems anymore . If you become so boggled up in one subject , you will eventually develop what is commonly known as `` tunnel vision '' and implies that you can no longer look left or right of your own thoughts . But sometimes the answer lies somewhere outside , which you are simply not able to see or even realize if you have never heard of it . The second danger is that if you become too specific in one subject , no one else may follow your thoughts anymore and understand you , thus making your work and/or discoveries virtually useless to society . One good example of how having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is in the field of law . A lawyer who has knowledge only of his own national law and rules my end up not finding a solution to the problem within his own system , but if he were to look outside and compare how maybe other countries or codes have solved that same problem , he could adopt the solution and create a more effective system . Another example would be found in the area of technology . Technological progress can much better be made if you can take and compare discoveries made in different sectors . Energy and automobile technology seem to be depended on each other . One without the other would not be able to survive . Automibles need energy and energy companies rely on the automobile industrie as customers and consumers . Exchange in ideas can only lead to improvement .
(TUR,medium) I t very important for the education systems to theach qualified and students but a conflict will occur when a teacher choose her/him teacing tools . It is the war between theory , understant the ideas and concepts , and practical information , learning facts . If I have to support one side of this war , my preference will be the learning facts . There are a lot of reasons to be agree with the supporters of importance og learning facts , learning with the practical information and experience . If a student knows how to use her/his new idea and concept in the real world , He/She will learn and apply quickly in to the real life . Because it is very convenient and excited for the students to use new ideas and concepts . I have a spesific experience for this , I had two chemical teachers when i was at the high school . One of my teacher were giving us experimentalm assignments as a homework and do the experiment in the school also so I can easiliy remember what we did durung that semester but my chemical theacher will retired and other new theacher came to teach us for the previous season , she just gave formulas and features of the elements but I can not imagine anything I completely fotgot the everything what she discuss . I suppose as time passing my second unexperinced teacher was changed and saw the power of the practical information .
(TEL,medium) The question put forward by the issue is that , whether the succesful people try new things and take risks than doing the already know one . The issue is very important becasue success only comes when their is an effort and risk . I believe that sucessful people do new things rather than doing what they already know . The first reason of my belief is that , success is the house of the people who take some risk in their life and people be successful when they have accomplished new things in a better way . For instance , Issac Newton a great scientist the world has ever known did not sit quite after his success in the gravitational theory . Instead he moved in other field of physics which is newer to him and earned laurels in all the new fields he has taken . Furthermore , doing the things which are already know is not termed as discovery but it is development . And discoveries are more appriciated than development . Trying new things turns us to be versatile genius consedering the success in the field as the next part . Lastly , I believe by trying or exploring new thing can lead us new discoveries or new thesis . For example , when Galileo discovered pendulum , he explored to the newer feild of astronomy and discovered telescope and declared the previous thesis layed was false by his new experiments . This shows that exploring in new thing is greater and more advantageous than labouring on the same know ones . Ultimately , trying a new thing is more beneficial and appreciated than laying on the already known things . Iam on the side of trying newer things because newer concepts are always intresting than the known boring ones and the search of newer ways , things or new ideas is always rewarding . So I agree that sucsessful people try new things and take risk for further success .
(SPA,low) In many of country the products seem much better than they really are , because the company need obtein the money who was used in the produccion of the product and obtein the ganance of their seld . The cost the product is determined by the materials that was used in the build , of the instruments uses in the company . other importan point that determined the real cost of the products is the pay of the people that working in the company . In the past year , the cost of the national products has been incresing because they are compair whit the international products for example cars or dreess make in Asia when the material are more chip , for this reason a disagree with that the most prodcuts seem much better than they really are . But the govermet have created the especif rules that premited decrease the diferents in the price of the international and national products
(ARA,medium) It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . First of all I would like to talk about the broad knowledge of many academic subject . It is so much better to know alot of information about different subject , at least a background information about every subject . This is because if a person read about something that he/sher had read or learned about it would be easire for him/her to understand what he/she is reading about , at least a background of it . For example , in school every student study so many subject , some subject relate some not . Student in school learn about differen background of every subject they take . this would help them to see and choose what they want to be in future . Secondly , I can say that learning about one subject would be much more deeper information about a subject than a background . Moreover , it would be much usefull to choose what mager or what sort of jobes he/she would like to be in in future . for example , if a student chose aspesific thing to laern about like bussenss she woul lear alot about busenss more that any thing that it would lead him/her to be a bussenss man/women in future . However , I think that having broad knowledge of many academic subject can relate with learning about one subject . this is because without a broud knowledge student cannot choose there future job if they want one , or it would be harder for them to choose what path they would go in the future if they dont have a broad knowledge . In my opinion , I prefer to have at least a background about many different subject . Then using my broad knowledge to help me choose what sbject I prefer to study about more , so that it would be easier for me to have a job in future .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement that , it is better to travel in a group and with a tour guide rather than being on our own . It is always fun to go in groups , so that we can enjoy more and get to know new people , their habits , hobbies and we might find some thing very intresting to learn from others , for example drwing , painting or anything which is intresting to us . When it comes to traveling , most of the times we try to see new places and will be curious to know each and everything about that new place , but we know that we can only hope when we are on our own but for sure we can do that when a guide is with us . First of all , a guide is the expert who will be knowing most of the things and he would have certain planning for travelling as well as sight seeing . So our time would be sufficient to travel to the places where we want and see what we are looking for . Another important thing is , financial aspect . When we are on our own , we might spend on unnecessary things and land up in ` empty hands ' . So , it is wise to have a deal with the tour guide and relax without bothering about the financial aspect . The last and the most important aspect is'safety ' . When we travel on our own , we may not be aware of how secure our visiting place would be and also how safe the people are in that place ? . So a tour guide would be a best person to travel with , so that he knows the best safety procedures related to place to be visited and we can relax that we will be safe . Concidering all these things , I personally prefer going in a group led by a tour guide which will save my time , money and I will be fulfilling the purpose of my journey .
(TEL,high) In this world of never ending technology and demand for it , it is highly unlikely to predict the shift from the conventional means of transport to rather slow and unconventional means . Before going twenty years deeper in to the future let us review the past five years . There has been an increase of about a drastic 150 % in the number of cars manufactured and the number sold in the market . This aptly explains the sate of mind of todays man kind . The increase in the number of automobiles would increase the pollution levels but man is not able to switch on to a less dustructive means . Popullation is also a major draw back . This can be explained by the simple logic `` more the people , more the means of transport required '' . As the number of vehicles increased by about 150 % in five years a decline in it is nearly impossible in this parasitic human world . Though many of the educational institutions are not allowing vehicles in their campus the effect on the public is decimal . A person would always choose a faster way of transport rather than a slow means like a bi-cycle . It may also be possible that some day man made fuel with no pollution effects could be invented and the number of vehicles may increase as need is always the source for invention . But if such a marvel is not achieved then the world will have to face an inevitable natural catastrophy . Hence according to the things standing as on today and the reasons stated it can be said that the number of automobiles would increase in the coming twenty years and man kind cannot try to stop the increase but should and has to try to decrease the negative effects of the increase .
(CHI,medium) Some people believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do . On the other hand , some people think that older people enjoy their life more . As far as I am concerned , I am a combination of those two opnions mentioned before . My opnion is that if you want enjoy your life you must spend your life both in a young way and in a older way . Firstly , young people are more active and willing to try new things which lead to a exciting life . For example , when there is a kind of new music , young people must be the first group of people listening to it . They can relax and entertain temselves through this new means while those older people keep amuse themselves by listening to traditional songs . Secondly , older people enjoy their life in a more profound way . For instance , an old couple walk along the creek near their home in the splendid sunshine is so lovely and romantic that nobody can deny that their love of each other . Young couple can n't taste feelings like that . Lastly , older people know the importance of reading . Reading is very important for people to acquire more information and knowledgement . Most of young people like traveling . Even travling can give you some information as well , it is not as important as reading because you can n't taste the complex and wonderful feeling of reading . When you read a book , your feeling will follow the author of the book goes a lot . I am a young people . That is why I can n't refuse the attractions of new things . I alway try different kinds of new musics and new games when I am at home . I realy feel exciting at that time . However , I know the importance of enjoy my life in a more profound way . That explain why I always visits the libary of my school and read a big range of books and articles .
(TEL,high) I completely agree with the statement , I always stood by the saying that `` Variety is the spice of life '' . Things have to be dynamic to be interesting . What would you want to watch ? a thundering waterfall or a pool of stagnant water . The people who meet success realise this very well , even boredom has to be credited partially because generally when you 're bored you try to find a new source for inspiration and chances of an idea turning into innovation arises here . Since money has been a long time scale to measure success let me use that scale , I say business . The men who have ventured into new fields have excelled and have been credited for both their money and idea . That 's one of the major reasons that we see that the Forbe 's list is generally dominated by the people who have invested and worked in new age business arenas rather than traitional ones . Innovation does n't always calls for drastic changes , its not only about the end product but also about the way in which the product is manufactured ( operations , logistics , strategy , tactics etc ) . The general perception that adventuring into unknown territories is more risky than moving around your own house does n't always hold . The first person to start a new venture will have the maximun potential and the the word exclusivity plays a big part here . A known field is always full of competition and rivalry - which does compensate the comfort of familiarity . So risk as a matter of fact is never absolute and should always be judged by the magnitude of the outcome that it can trigger . We have to remember that had the risks taken by people have helped us advance . A sailor 's risk resulted in a great country , a soldier 's risk resulted in the end of tyranny and a doctors 's risk resulted in a saving a life .
(TUR,medium) When I was a litle boy , I always thought about `` Why does Uncle Can look sad ? '' . It was the times that I tried to create new thoughts in my mind and tried to find why we happened to be alive . Uncle Can always looked sad and he always said he said something to deal with in his mind . I tried to find and solve what he had in mind with my insufficient logic - like I said , I was a little boy then - , which i solved lots of times . However it did not matter how many times that I have solved his problems . It just made him to create more . Then I understood that it is not just the `` things in his mind '' , but there is something more which is socially structed by human beings and our culture . As time goes by , we grew up and as time goes by we have more and more responsibilities which are given to us by our society , which is the fact that makes older people more stressed than younger people . When we are talking about society , we have to stop and focus on the culture of society and socially structed situtations . In this example that I will give , one may see things more clearly . When I was at elemantary school , I just had to pass my courses , then I attended to the highschool , now I had to pass my courses and be accepted to a well-known university . Now I am studying at Bogazici University which is really famous in Turkey . However my missions continues to increase and advance while I am succeding and going on . This may seem a story of one . However that is not the truth . The truth is as a human being grew up , he/she will have more responsibilities which makes us more stressed than yesterday . Why do you think old people loves to look at old pictures ? It is obvious that he/she wants to be like in the old days , the olds days that he/she had not any responsibilities . It may be seemed like only constructed society is to be blamed . However that constructor is us . Human beings create society and society creates human beings . We cannot really seperate them . Human beings are well known as progresive and ambitious and that is why we are always trying to better and more powerful , that makes us stressed and unable to enjoy life day and day . To sum up , as time passes we will become sad and old . Because that is what we created by wanting more and more . In this post-modern world , we are stucked in our created destiny , which is as we get older we will enjoy life less than younger people .
(HIN,medium) knowledge is like an ocean and man gets this life only once . only people who have experienced the taste of gaining knowledge can tell very importance of gaining knowledgeth . what exaltation and exuberation knowledge it can have i completely agree that it is better to have broader knowledge of many subjects rather than confining oneself to one subject . it will give students a wide specrum of thier knowledge . they are going to know a little about every thing . i just state an example from my own personal experience . when i was doing my undergraduate . i was offered a variety af subjects . and as i progressed i realised there is interconnections between different concepts from different subjects for example i studied metallurgy in my first semister . and in second semester i had advance mechanics of structures . first i thought that they had no connection but later i realised the without the metallurgy i would not have been able understand advance mechanis of structures . also one specific subject can make a person master in that subject but he is going to have less job opportunities than the person with wide spectrum of knowledge . a wide variety of subjects makes a person to be in the tune with the present world i can give an another example of a scientists newton who had knoledge of wide variety of subject and was able to discover theories which were not related to field . in hindu mythology it is said knowledge brings you closer to god so more u gain the knowledge more closer you will be to the god . knowledge can unravel the hidden secrets of this physical world so the more you learn the more intellect you become
(TEL,medium) yes i agree with the statement because they will have the dare to implement their innovative skills after one success . They always try to do0 something better and useful than the others . They will never go with the things which have done before but they will change or add some more features for those which have done by them earlier . The succesful people will also take the ideas of the others which will be useful for them . They always goes with the concept `` TRY AND TRY UNTIL YOU SUCCEED '' . This is the major concept used by many of the successful person because they wont leave the thing what they want to do . For example i would like to consider Mr. DARREN BUFFET , one the of the richest person in the world . At first he was a cool drink seller after that he invested some money in stock market he went into loss side . Even though he was in the loss side he didnot changed the track in which he was really interested . Now he became second richest person in the world . He had only view in his mind is he want to succeed in his field he made it possible without diverting . There are many people whom we can take into consideration . Even many of them were not from rich families they became a worlds important persons . We have to think in many ways for one thing then only we can succeed . Every one is having some of the ideas in different feilds they have to implement their ideas in their interested field they will definetly succeed in their future . The people who are very innovative in thoughts will succeed and also become inspiration to the others also . I would like to conclude that be confidential in what ever we do then only we can succeed and be as inspiration to the next generation .
(SPA,low) The students in the classroom learn the process and methods for your knowledge . The experiencie the professor help them to learn more and probably . The Concept add to ideas are more important understand to students . The ideas and concept generate more knowledge . The use the concept with any idea produce new knowledege , For example if I use an idea about how analyst the land change , I use the remote sensing concept , and i generate new knowledge about the land change , how the deforestation increment in an area . The cientist advance are the evolution of concept and new ideas . The Ideas and concept can be used for solve problems . for example if i need know about the problem with natural disaster i use the concept to Geographic Information System , and my idea about the how i do the analysis . For example , the last problem in Bolivia with the Ninio Phenomena , the use of idea and concept help us to have options to solve the problem with this natural disaster the use of GIS help with identifying to areas with problems . In conclution The Ideas and concept help to student and humanities to solve the problem , generate more knowledge , the use of tools add to concept help to us to do better the life in the world .
(HIN,high) People travel to all over the world for various reasons . Some do it because they want a change in their lives , whereas others do it beacause they want to explore the world and want to know about that place , the people and their culture . Hence , I feel that if the reason is to explore the world or the place , the best thing is to do in a group led by a tour guide . A tour guide is a person who is professionally qualified to help and show people the places they are travelling to , so it would be really easy if you are with a tour guide . Also , travelling in a group has its own charm . You are not only enjoinyg a new place but also you are sharing your experience and your joy with others too . Although , I do agree if we are travelling in groups we dont possess the amount of freedom we would enjoy when we are alone but being in groups with a tour guide is beneficial in many other ways . Firstly , since he is an expert you will get to explore and see all important places which you might miss if you are travelling alone . For example you might just miss amonument and you later regret that you might have consulted a tour guide . Also , by chance if you face any kind of problems you have so many people helping you out . For example , you might have a problem with your health in a place which is new to you . It might be great cause of concern , whereas if you are travelling in a group you have so many people to count on . Also , there are people in this world who do not have families or friends these kind of groups are really beneficial for them . It has been seen that after spending days together you really beacame friends even after you finish off with your trip . When people travel in groups they spend all extra time singing , enjoing , dancing with each other . Even the time you spend on travelling becomes so exciting . To summarise I would say that travelling in groups led by a tour guide do take away some part of your freedom but it provides you with a real defination of enjoyment and excitement which you can never enjoy all alone .
(GER,medium) Cars ! cars are one of the most used vehicles today and they lead to a better lifestyle and comfort for a lot of people . On the other hand there are a lot of negative aspects that are involved in the use of cars and people argue about the existence of cars . Will there be more or fewer cars in twenty years ? To discuss that topic we have to look at happenings all arround the world . Daily newspapers write about pollution and about the effects that occur from cars . People will have to consider our environment even more in the future and they really have to be aware of the risks when polluting the earth . Another point often mentioned in headlines is the one that new energy sources , which will be able to run an engine are found and prepared for future use . Meanwhile some scientists belive that there will be enough oil to support cars for the next century others think that oil is a very scacre ressource and there wont be enough oil to provide all cars . Another point that has to be taken into consideration is that streets not only are overcrouded but also cause the government to spend a lot of money to repair them . Surely some of that money will be collected by taxes from street-users such as car drivers but there has to be further consideration . On the other hand there are reasons to make one think that there will be more cars in the future . For example there is the growing population especially in china or asia where a lot of people nowadays drive bysicles but as soon as they can afford cars will buy a car . That means that there are might regions where more cars will be build to satisfy one s wishes considering the hole planet population is not growing that fast anymore and therefore there is no aid of more cars . In conclusion i think that cars will always remain on our streets at least for the next 20 years but there will not be a significant grow of cars . Rather people start to think about future generations and environment which will make them able to establish bus systems and train stations to protect the environment .
(ITA,low) in my life i met a different people . some of these have a variuos knowledge about many many topics and they have their opinion on somethings . others of these know very well a subject only . in my opinion is very important have a knowledge on many topics and is not good know a topic only and can talk about the same topic only . I would be like a first type of people , because know everything make a general view of the world and of what happened in the world . then knowledge open your mind and take to be a more pleasure person . one times i met a man who know everything . he is a very likely person , because with him can speak on all and can argue on all . he has a his opinion always and on everithings . then i learned somethings by him , he know more then others always , and he have an explanation on all what you ask him always . he is a very interesting person thanks for his huge knowledge . on this example my opinion is better on people who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than people to specialize in one specific subject . for this I would be like man who i had a description before . in final , there are many different people , these can be put in two categories . in the first one there are a people that have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . instead , in the second one there are a people that specialize in one specific subject . in based on the example that i reported and in based on my experience i agree with the statement , or rather I have many consideration on the people that know many things and for this they have a their opinion on everythings . it is a very good things . I hope that I will learn many things to know somethings on
(HIN,medium) The very word enjoyment can be inferred differently by diffrent people . Each and very person has his own perspective about life and thus on things enjoyable . But , considering young and old as two groups of people . Rather than group of unique individuals we can mention generally and not with convection who enjoys more . when people are young they have a lot of vigor and curiosity for life alltogether . This can be reflected in there activities as compared to the old . If you take for example , a teenager is more likely to have a funfilled action packed day than an older person . If a person does more stuff in a day , say work for that matter and he likes it he is enjoying . Also , when you are young you have lot to do . A young person has not lived as much as half of the elderly . A young person has lot to enjoy . But , the elderly have gone through the whole thing and dont find it interesting or are altogether out of place for enjoying the stuff . The most important factor is that the elderly are not healthy and this imposes a few restrictions . I dont think an old guy would love to go trekking with his grandson . Even if he loves to , he possible cannot do it practically . So , this indirectly restricts the options available with them and thus restricts there enjoyment sources . The problem mentioned above also affects the elderly pshchologically . They develope a certain pessimistic attitude . Even if they can , you wont find them getting indulged into activities . Lets consider that they do participate . But , this too will be on a self concious basis and they wont be able to let go completely . So considering all the above factors and even though you consider a few exceptions . It is very clear that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . As , even though older people may have the intent to but the are not capable , because of the above mentioned reasons .
(FRE,low) For me , it s important to have broad knowledge of many academic subject because I want become a manager so I must be able to have a good how know in different subject to be efficace whit a group and understand fastly what I must do or not . I must have experience and how know . But I thing also that is important that have one specific subject , One thing that we like , we love more than the other activities . For my part it s not better to have broad knoweldge of many academic subject , it s only very important if you want become a manager for exemple , but it s more important to have a specific subject that we can enjoy about it . For my part , I will work on a factory who create travel And manifestation ... my specific subject are the sens of organisation and my creative spirit . But I need to work with different service , finance , the rules ... and I will be apple to check the work of the other service so I will have knowledge of many academic subject . In fact , I can organise nothing if I don t know what I can do or not or how I can do it . I think , first you must have broad knowelgde of many academic subject and after you can specialize on what you want . Morever , I think that the most important thing to do is doing what you really want . So , I prefer
(CHI,medium) I disagree this statement . The young and the older people are both enjoy life . First of all , the young people are lively . They have a lot of time and energy to sdudy , which is the most exciting thing in one 's life . The young people will benifit from it . The second , in the spare time , young people have plenty of energy and time to play basketball , to dance , to sing , and also chat on-line . As a younger , I like to make freinds on-line , you can talk with many diffrent kinds of people , and it will be make my life more intersting . The young people can enjoy a lively , busy and exciting life . The older people can enjoy their own life too . Maybe they do not have enough energy to play crazily like the young people . But they have more time to do some calm and slow exercise , such as taijiquan . If a older person has a good healthy , he or she may go to swim , it intrersting and make one 's strong . My grandfather is a happy and health older man . He like do sports , and every morning he go to swim with his old freinds . The plenty of exercise he takes make him lively as a young man . His life is bueatieaful , andI want to have this kind of life when I am old . So the older people can enjoy his lovely life . That is why i disagree the statnm
(JPN,low) I disagree this statement . Young people should enjoy and obtain many good things from experiences . On the other hand , they should have many things to grow up . First , young people should study . When people became older , there are not opportunity to study something . To study sometimes make feel boring , but it will make use of in the future surely . Further , while you are in the young age , it will be easy to understand rather than learn to in the old age . Second , people enjoy a variety of things by use money . As you get older , we can earn the money and enjoyable . Also , you can find own favorite hobbies as you tget older and older . Also , it will be not good which young people to use money from their parents . Third , after retired the job , people have alot of time to do someting . For example , people who retired the job can go overseas , go out somewhre anytime . They do not have to irritate to something or be hurry to do something . Thus , older people can enjoy their time as they like . One reason that , they were hardworking , and did for children to grow up . Enjoy life connects with the past life because they made effort each other . That reasons people should enjoy life after get older . In addition , peole should study and have experiences , while you are young age . That will make you to grow up and can know about the life of happiness . That reason I think older peple enjoy their life . /
(KOR,medium) In modern world , we learned almost every subjects until university . And many students who graduate university are complaining about this education system . Because when they get a job , they do n't use many knowledge they learned in school . I can understand their opinion . In some part I agree with that . However , it ca n't be a reason that we just have to learn one specific subject . Learning variety of knowledge is very helpful for the people to be a specialist in some area . If someone want to be a biologist , he needs to experience other subjects . Mathematics , Literature , Athletic .. etc ... After he experience these areas he can be found his special gift in biology . Unless he did n't experience these areas he could n't overcome his barrier that will face some day . He can think that he may can do other work even though he is not sure about his gift in that area . Especially in law , if you imagine about lack of knowledge about other subject , it can be uneffective . Law is the subject to constitute the social system . It is related with all parts of the world . It affects the people 's life . Judge 's narrow mind can be biased in one side . And there will be a lot of chaos in public . I think balance is the most important element for the well-organized society . For the balance only one subject kowledge does n't work well
(ITA,medium) I think that travel with few people and without a tour guide is the best way to enjoy your trip . I believe that a tour guide is necessary just if you plan to visit a country whose culture , habbits or language are really difficult to understand . I consider that the people you travel with are the most important issue when you plan a journey . Together with my wife , we once went to Mexico with two friends of us who had never travelled before . We invited them to come with us and we contracted a local tour guide even if we both speaks spanish . We realized , after few days , that it was a bad idea . As our friends were not used to the Mexican high temperatures , they got sick after visiting the Chichenitza archeological site . During the following days we visited the south part of the country and we realized that the tour guide was explaining us the same things that we would have found written in a tourist book . Considering this bad experience we decided to organize our next travel by ourself . Next summer we are going to Japan were my wife spent a whole year learning Japanes during an international exchange program . This time , instead of contractcting a tour guide , we are going to ask to the people she met there , to give us a tour around the country . We will visit the most famouse Japanes places with local people and we will be able to schedule our journey without depending on the group ' s plans .
(FRE,high) In my point of view , there will be more cars in use in twenty years than today . There are two major reasons that can explain this : first is an economic view and second is an ecologic and scientific point of view . More and more countries are growing up and becoming powerful economically , such as China , India ... Their demography is very impressive and their grow up will permit more people to obtain a car than today . The fact that the economic situation is positive contribue to the grow up of the cars market . And more we need cars , cheaper they will be . Nowadays , many people have a car . I have recently read that California , where there are nearly thirty two millions peoples , counts an estimated number of twenty eight millions of cars , whcich is such important ! This asks us the problem of pollution , that could be a factor to brake the expansion . But more and more , researchers are working on developping another alternative carburants or energy sources that will soon replace the petroil . Indeed , other carburants issued from the agriculture and fewer polluant may be used , but they they are muite marginal and it will expand when the petroil will decline . Furthermore , Electric cars have recently appeared , and make a very good substitute . They are more expensive than other cars , but with the technological progress they will become cheaper and more currently than they actually are . In conclusion I think that we will find more cars in twenty years than today , but these cars will be different because of their adaptation to the pollution and new technologies .
(FRE,medium) I really agree with this statement . I am sure that one day there will have fewer cars than today or that these cars will be different than today . Cars produce so much pollution and cause dammages to our environment . the problem is that everyone use his own car to go working , go to school , or other activities . it could be so much better if people use one car for four persons . At firts the pollution will be reduce and also that is cheaper to share the costs of transport between four persons . An other way to reduce the number of cars is to not use it too often and use it only for long travel , if it is possible use a little moto or bycicle for short travel . Take the bus or the train can be an other good alternative to the cars , but in this case the govrnment must give more money to these public transports for allow them to reduce the price of a ticket . Futhermore , having more taxes on the oil , tax of circulation , and give a reduction to workers who use public transports can influence behaviours . There will be fewer cars , but I think also that they will be differents than today . We must look for others oil , more respectfull of nature . As an exemple we can not the sun ( but the problem is that in every country the sun is not shining all the day and more , not every days ) , the wind but it is the same problem , it 's depend too much of the climatics conditions . Today there are some hybride cars , that 's show the a beginning of a changement but not the end . If we want to save our world , everyone must do something , it is a socitie problem . More cars , will reduce the problem of pollution and heathl .
(ARA,medium) Most of people like travel all over the word and every one have his personatly which different from othres . they have to think how they will sped time and make plan for that . I disagree to travel in a group led by a tour guide because maybe he has different intersting and ther is no time for rest . first , travel in a group led by a tour guide is not always good because i have my oppinone about which place i prefer to visit our to spend long time in one place . for example , five yeas ago i went with group tour from Germany to franc but i did not find any time to visit my feavoert place because i have to follow the leader in addition we have big different in age . so i will not did travel with a group leader . Second , there is a spicfice time for us to visit many place and i have to follow the guider and lisson to him so you can not rest if you like this or that place because he has plane for the trip . while travel in a group led by a tour guide good to see many thing in short time and with a person who has knowldge but it nice to do what you want with out any bother . in conclusion , evey preson has a different intersing thing to spend and have a good time when he travel . i disagree with travel in a group led one guide because , i have my intersting and i travel to spend a lot of my time in rest and relax not for follow a guide maybe he is deffrent form me .
(GER,high) First of all , facts are only short informations given to someone . They describe something as easy as possible . This makes clear that facts are easier to learn and to remember for a short time . In comparison , ideas and concepts come along with a description of a new invention or a solution for a problem . Reading a book about the idea or trying to extract important informations from less important statements are quite common . You have to understand the whole concept and try to look under the surface of the topic . Students who are good at learning facts might also do very well in school . For them it is only learning by heart and reproducing it in a oral or writing exam . Sooner or later they will have forgotten those meaningless numbers or short statements . For example describing the growth of a city lying in the middle of nowhere or how many offsprings a fieldmouse produces ; quite nice to know but meaningless . A bigger challenge is to understand a concept or an idea . What is the theory behind it . On what other ideas or concepts is it based on ? For example is it much more difficult to learn the progress of an election . How does the House of Parliament interact with the House of Lords ? How will my vote be counted and which party will gain how many seats ? All in all , I think , you need to have a good synthesis of both sides . For a student who want to achieve something in is life it is essentially to try to gain as much experience as possible and to produce your own ideas underlining them with facts . On the one hand you need knowledge of how concepts work and of how ideas can be realised . On the other hand you need to support those ideas with facts you have learned and still can remember throughout your life and career .
(ITA,high) To say that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' is a lot like saying that someone should be good in everything but be perfect in nothing . Does that make any sens ? Everyone should have something they wish to know better ... that 's why we all have different jobs . I think we can find a perfect example of having to REALLY know something in particular , in Nipponic society . Japan is famous for their experts and we have been trying to copy their way of studying for decades . Does the fact that they know more about one subject in particular , make them less smarter than people who know something about everything ? I think not . Of course , having a good cultural background is important , but as long as we follow our desires and believe in the things we do , than there 's NOTHING wrong about neglecting other subjects . Obviously , this does not apply in an academic enviorment . as long as we are in school , we MUST study every required subject , but once that 's over , we should be free to expand our own knoledge in the fields we prefer . If we all knew the same things , we could never teach each other anything !
(GER,high) The question wheter or not there will be fewer cars on the road in the future has been discussed by many articles . I do not think that in 20 years there will be fewer cars in use than today . The reason why I think the number of cars wo n't decline is based in the function a car has and the benefit of a car that humans apprecciate about owning one . It has to do with the attitude most humans seem to have , concerning cars . Many people love their car and have almost an emotional relationship with it . They think of it as prestige and status symbol and use it for expressing themselves and making a statement of who they realy are . Other poeple like the most about cars that they give them the opportunity to be flexible . A car gives the freedom to visit a place whenever the driver wants to and also gives the freedom to leave a place when wished . People reach freedom through cars . Freedom is one of the most important values of western society . It is something that we do not want to give away . When we think about reasons why there could be a decline in cars on the street in the future , we often think about the often mentioned oil-scarcity or the dependency of western countries on oil-producing eastern countries . I am aware of the fact that those things are important and difficult to solve . But what makes me sure that the number of cars wont be reduced is the faith in new innovations . I believe that one day we realy need to find something new , there will be a new invention . One example for this can be seen in the case of the VW Lupo , which is a car model that only uses up five liters of fill on 100 kilometers . This model was released shortly after oil prices rose up high . Some articles sayed that VW had the car ready and was just waiting for the right opportunity to bring it on the market . I could imagine that car manufacturers also have the right idea of how to make driving possible in a true clean way , without pollution-causing engines and without using regular fill . Furthermore , I think that once such cars are invented and accepted by a bigger part of population , they will be produced on assembly lines and in high ammount . This would make them available for many people . Concluding , I think that the number of cars wo n't be reduced because people dont want to give away their cars , which gives new innovations the room to create a new car that can be driven without negative effects .
(JPN,medium) Surely I admit that young people apt to have more power to enjoy their lives and left more time . However I insist that olded poeple enjoy life more than young poeple . There are two reasons for this . They have more experiences and money . First , older people have learned how to enjoy life from their longer period of life . They , of corse , have experiences of love with girl/boyfireinds , which sometimes include faiure to success . Older people should know how to belong with their partner . For example , my farther who have many girlfriend before marriage , now , has very good time with my mother because he can lead the partnership effectively and can solve probelms easily . Sometimes they go to travel togethet . They look so enjoyful for their life Second , since many older people have earned the salarys in companies or their own shop , they tend to have far more money than young peole have , who have not worked yet or have just had a job . Avarage revenue of business people after working 30-40 yeas in Japan no less than 500 dollars . While almost 0 or someone have debt among young people in particula for students . It make older Moreover after retiring their firm oleder pople have pention . people spend money as they like . Actually many older retired like topeople consume toys for their grandsons with their pleasure . As these reasons it is apparently true that older people enjoy life far more than young peole . Their long-term knowleade and the outcome of their effort in in the wrok places bring them to happy `` second life '' with their partner and cute garandsons .
(KOR,medium) Some people believe that the products in advertisements are the same as the real one because it looks like the real one . However , I do not agree with it . I believe most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because of well-taken pictures and the stratagy of commpanies . First of all , well-taken pictures are very attractive . The purpose of advertisement is to show the products well to people . For perfoming that purpose , the products in advertisements should be a good shape . A freind of mine , he is working in advertisement company in Korea . One day , he showed me two pictures of apple . One was just regular picture and the other one was the picture that he added some color balance with photoshop . Two picture was totally different from each other , and he said that his company will use the latter picture for the apple advertisement . For this reason , I believe that the goods in advertisements is better shape than the real one . Moreever , advertisement should make people to want the products , and that is the stratagy of advertisements . For letting people buy the goods , the advertisements have to use any way to attract people even they exaggerate . One day , I saw the advertisements of Kim-chi , Korean traditional food , on television shopping . The seller was eatting it and it looked like really really delicious . I could not wait to buy it and finally I orderd it . However , as soon as I god it , It was not that delicious than i expected . For these reasons , I strongly agree with the idea of that most advertisements make goods seem much better that they really are . Because well-taken pictures and the purpose of advertisement are most important factor of that people choose the products .
(CHI,medium) Today , the information is very easy to get , and every company need the people who have many knowledges of different fields . So , I think if students can learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Then , their thinking will become more extensive , and they can get a high-paid job . Finally , they will have good development of their future . Nowaday , internet is very common . Therefore , every country is conneted with each other . It means everyone will compete to the other people more serious . For examle , ten years ago , the students in Taiwan just needed to compete with the Taiwan people . Now they need to compete with China students or American students . Therefore , students need to have extensive knowledge and it will help them to create new thought . Next , if we have many professional skills , like computer managing or finanical skill . It can help us to get a high-paid job . Because if the companies hires this kind of people , it seems that they have different fields people . So if we can be this person , we will get a high-paid job , and the companies also can save money to hire many people . But how to let us have broad knowledge ? The only way which I think we should learn different academic subjects in the school . If we just focus on one specific subject , we will lose chance . Some people think if we do not focus on a specific subject , we will not learn very well . We will not be professional in our field . In my opinion , I think it is wrong . If we just learn one field , it may be easy for us . But in future , we will be sad because we can not comete with the other people , Therefore , I agree it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specizlize in one specific subject .
(JPN,medium) Certainly , these days it is said young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . In fact , it might be dicreasing time that young people help their communities little by little . But they still give enough time to helping thier communities . I disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . The primary reason is that a lot of young people work for communities . Parhaps the best example to illustrate this point is that where I live , in Japan , there are farmers . Some elder people do not have the person who succeed in them . So it must be difficult for them to keep on working . But young people like students of university or community college helps farmers a lot . Second , young people help the elder people in their houses . There are a lot of elder people who can not do things by him or herself in Japan . The example of this is that Many young people helps elder peoples in their houses and also in the ROUZIN home , which is the home take caring for elder people . Young people helps them to go to the rest room or to clearn them up with hot water or to make them eat easily . Considering the above factors , I disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
(GER,high) In general it is always difficult to decide definitely for one possibility . Because both of them contain some advantages but also some disadvantages , it would be the best to decide for a mixture . Whereas a broad knowledge of many subjects refers to the ideal of humanism which has been supported for a long time and partially is still being supported , specialization is a phenomena of modern time . We are living in a time of change . Scientific and technical progress have coined the last century more than any time before . With the term `` globalization '' I only want to mention one of the new challenges we have to master . As a reaction on these changes the idea of specialization has developped . Today , there is much more discovered than in former times so you even have to learn much more to get along in a certain profession or academical direction . As a result specialization is definitely necessary . Nevertheless I regard a certain broad knowledge to be absolutely necessary for everyone . Our world is so complex and also complicated that people have to know the essential things about almost all subjects to give an reliable feedback for example to politicians leading a nation . If people are not as well educated there will be the risk of creating a society leaded by a few people not thinking about entire people 's problems . So I would prefer a mixture of generalized and specialized knowledge . All People should learn the most important elements out of all academic subjects . In school there is the possibility to do so . Later they might decide to be teached in one subject and in subjects related to this chosen one . After that , people may really specialize in their subject . By this way it would take a longer time until people start working but it surely would be an advantage for society .
(TUR,high) Nowadays it is often mentioned that we are using up our natural resources and that there will be very few resources of fuel in a few decades . As the usable amount fuel will be getting less the the cost will get higher . Even today for a few years gas and fuel prices have gone very high . As a result of these it is claimed by some of the researchers that there will be fewer cars in twenty years time . Though I do not agree with this idea , I even think that there will be more cars in twenty years . There are two reasons that i strongly claim . First reason of the fact that there will not be fewer cars in use in twenty years is the alternative energy sources . As engineers we predict that alternative energy sources will be in use in ten years time like sun and hydrogen energy . There are really important researches on the use of these energies for cars . Even in Turkey there are more than 40 cars using sun energy built so far . Moreover cars using hydrogen energy has already been built but still being worked on . When we come over this energy problem , in other words make the last car products working with alternative energy there will certainly be an increse in the number cars in use . The second reason is that in twenty years there will still be plenty of petrol that can be used ( may be more expensive ) . And if we consider the populaion growth and the increase of wealth we can conclude that in twenty years there will more people using cars , even one family will have four or five cars ! As a result the claim that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years is completely wrong from the point of view that I have here . As an engineer I can say that cars in use will increase day by day
(ARA,low) I agree with the successful people try new things and take risks rether than only doing what they already known to do well . becouse ther are learn and try . the sienctiest are try to be successsful such that one of them was discoverd the lamp in 1000 trying in tha last try he successed . he said that I did not fail 1000 time I just learn 1000 mistakes . trying help us to leane and improve our self . The success will come with the hard working and trying . So we must try many times and learn from our mistakes . But it is not why the people eho do what they known are not success . Ther are also success .
(GER,high) Due to better possibilities of communicating and optimized wazs of transport , in the last century a process took place that incorporated the world : the globalization . One result of the globilazation is the increasing advertisements for products all over the world . On the one hand advertisement helps us to inform about products . But on the other hand you have to ask yourself if this process of advertising is really neutral ? And in my opinion the answer is no . When you watch TV , you can see beautiful cars driving through the landscape and beautiful womans sitting in it and enjoying it . But the question is if you also will enjoy to ride this car ? When you go to cinema you see several advertisements for films that are promised to be exciting . But again there | s the question : is it really that exciting when you see the whole film by yourself ? There are cases that confirm that the promises become true . But in my opinion , in the most cases you will be disappointed of the product you decided to pay for . The globalization certainly has positive effects on the world if you just think of the possibility to convey products or information . But in my opinion it causes that quality isn | t anymore guaranteed in every case . Let | s take the example of the advertisement for the car . In TV you saw the car with all the beautiful impressions and it | s great equipment . But you | re not able to judge the quality of the car by only seeing it . So you may be dissappointed when you actually buy the car . This is a typical example of the thesis that advertisements make products seem much better than they are . In earlier times , you offered someone a service or a product and what you got back was also a service or prducts . This was the process of exchanging things directly . And you there you were able to judge quality . But the globalization caused competetion . And competition causes lies , so that the products seem better than they actually are . Because of the increasing competition between big companies , the promises become better and better , the quality of products instead becomes worse because of mass production . So you can definitely say , that , not in all cases , but most of the time advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . And in this case the question I asked at the beginning of this text is answered : globalization does not have only positive effects .
(CHI,medium) Live Young Some elderly , despite less active and energatic than youngers , enjoy life more than young people do . In these cases , the older people need a right mind -- use their experience to view their life positive and optimism . Since the older people are usually retired and stayed at home , they do not need to worry about the depressions and difficultis from work . At this time , if they have an positive view upon the world , they can learn more about the world using their free time . For instance , an old people who had to give up his/her dream to travel around the world because they have to work all day long , can achieve his/her desire to experience the colorful and various aspects of the planet he/she lives in . This person , inspite of his older age , likes his/her life better than he/she lived before . As one 's age increased , one 's knowledge and experiences also increased . If the elderly use their optimism view to contribute the world , they can enjoy a lot more than youngsters do . When I was young , my father was only an unsignificant engeernearing assistant in a small company . But as he suffered more experience and learned more knowledge , he began to looking forward a self-improvement . He went to a graduate school and took a PHD program around 40 years of age . Although no one in my neiborhood thought he would finish the course , he equipped himself with his optimism and experiences and overcame all the problems he faced . And now , he is enjoying his life as a physics professor . Maybe one can say that youngsters have more energy than the older ones , but the older people have some particularly strength -- the knowledge and experience . If elderly use their own power to view the world right , they would feast their every minute and enjoy their life .
(HIN,medium) I Totally disagree with the statement given . Rather would like to start the passage with a line rightly said that we have two childhood , one when we are born and the other when we are old . In my opinion childhood is the best time of our life , which again pop up when we are old . this is the association that i would like to make with this statement , as this is the first thing that came to my mind after reading the statement . when a person is young , he is more active , adveturous , enthusiastic about life . probably for the reason that he is physically fit and can take a walk in the nature without thinking twice about it . youngsters enjoy the late night party and can manage the cocktails . but what about the stress that they have to undergo , the stress related not only for there position in life but fight that they undergo for their ambition . the fight to rise up . the fight for making correct decision 's in life . its a great responsibility for a young person to live a good and happy life In contrast the old people they are all through with the feeling of anciety or the fight for thir owm rights . they again are babies who are looked after for . they have almost done all the thing they wanted in life . they can travel , go to places or even feel free to express themself , and nobody would mind it . though it happens that majority of old people suffer with health problems , but then no one is perfect . both have there bad and good aspects but i would always prefer the one supporting the older generations because i have seen at my home-set - up , the way they have been treated and i kind off like it . so like to conclude by saying that it is a very personal view onlikes and dislikes and i woud support the latter , as it is the one which is more mentally stable .
(CHI,medium) I agree with the statement that most advertisements make the products seem much better than they really are . The advertisements including not only those on TV shows but also on the newspaper . The perpose of these advertisements is letting the customers think the products are good and want to buy them . The perpose made the advertisement do these . In order to let the customers think the products are worth to buy , what they need to do is to show the product is good enough and worth them to buy . The advertisement has to make the product looks better than other similar products , then they have to made up things to show the product is better than others . This is the reason why the products seem much better than they really are . In China , the advertisements make the products looks like they were perfect are normal . There are many similar products in China at the same time . Making the products that thay sell looks best is the most important thing to make their product sell well . For instance , I bought an expensive pen which it said will nerver broken under any condition in the advertisement on TV . But only after three months that I found the pen was broken already . I found the seller to ask for return . The seller said something that made me understand the true propose of the advertisements . '' Do you think there will be a pen that never breaks in the world ? I do n't think so . '' She said to me in a smile . '' All the advertisement do these , not only us . '' From that on , I do n't believe any advertisement anymore . There are more than one example can show that the advertisement made products seem better than they really are . Base on my own experience that I can tell the statement is true all the time .
(SPA,medium) Advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . To sell a product , it has to have a good promotion , advertisements sells the product because while showing the promotion of the product , the y are showing the best product ever , when sometimes it 's just a big lie and somtimes it 's the thruth . The main purpose of selling a product for the companys is to show another thing better than what you sell . I do not agree with this ideas because they 're not showing what the product really is . A good idea is toi show a good promotion and a great idea of showing the product , and this will make the people intereted . An important part to do sell , first of all you have to know on which market you 're getting in . It 's hard to get into the market you want sometimes , but having the type of market makes the promotion easier , because you can do the marketing regarding to that market . There is a backgroung behind a product , and behing a company . The product that is already at sale has an enormous study before getting to the store . Giving life to a product means you have to get the people to know the product by the time passes througth , by giving good promotions and by showing to the people what your product is about . The best way to sell could be by improving your product just with very tiny changes like to make the product wantable , but not changing the product , just making people interested , curious and this will make people buy the product , this is a great way of doing a sell . Advertisments are very good until a certain point , poeple without any promotion or advertisemnet people would't buy anything . T
(TEL,medium) there is an old proverb `` jack of all trades , master of none '' this mainly describes the statement . i disagree with the statement because having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is good but does not completely describe a person only a specialisation can bring him in to existence . for example consider south african cricket player ` jhonty rhodes ' he is a player of different games , he goalkeeper in a football team , he is also a rugby player and he is also good fielder in cricket . but he is known to the world mostly for his fielding . because fielding is only the one specialization which made him a greatman neither the football or rugby since he good in that specialization . mastering all the subjects does n't allow a person to completely describe a subject . but specialization can be used to completely describe the subject . specialization leads to many inventions and discoveries , where as knowledge of many academics does n't . it 's like stepping on two ships on a river where u will be drowned . stepping in one ship is better because there is a complete chance of reaching the destination safely . specialization in one subject will have good end rather than having broad knowledge of many subjects . specialization leads to change . specialization in one subject can make the people go for research , where as broad knowledge of many academic subjects does n't do . researches leads to inventions which is quite useful . specialization in one subject completely describes a man.the specialized person will be confident of doing his work properly . specialization creats enthusiasm in person more and more to go deep in to the subject . specialization in one subjects brings complete success where as broad knowledge cannot . broad knowledge only study upper layers of the subject where specialization can be used to whole concept and funtionalityof the subject . great people are known of their specializations , where as jack is known of all trades . specialized study of subject make a person to think and develop innovative ideas of discovery and invention. 'specialization in one subject is better than having broad knowledge of all
(FRE,medium) A company has the possibility to make its product known through advertisement . Commercials have proven to be efficient , even though we know that the different products available for the customers do n't have the same efficiency . But it is still a right to use advertisements . Through this process you have to give a touch of your product in the best w possible way , and make the watcher beleive that it is the best product he or she could find . That 's why most advertisement make products seem much better than they reall are . However , over time the best products persist . Therefore the company offering the best products will make better profits , and then have enough money to advertise and to perfectionate their products . Though , even if a comercial will make the products seem better , we know for a fact that this company works well and so that the products are one of the best . In another hand , the needs of the customers are not the same . So brands and product are subjectives . The one product that would be efficient for my personal opinion and requests will not be as good for you . Finally , the process of unreal advertisements is part of the economy system . If we would know before buying any product that the X product is the best for us , we would only buy one . But we spent a lot of money to find the great one . The advertisement system is also an economical question . advertisement company make a lot of money . In both way the economy works better . In conlusion , most comercials make products seem much better than they really are , but using advertisement is a right . The products in the advertisement may meet your needs and criteria , but not mine . On top of that , the overall process is good for the economy of the world .
(GER,medium) `` Learning facts and facts only will nececarily lead everyone sooner or later to failure '' . This statements is a motivator and a true facts that should encourage students to focus more understands concepts and ides than just stupid learning of certain unconnected things . But is this realy true ? As taking the BCOM-programm of certain universities as an example it is realy easy to see how that statement is true . The BCOM is a programm that leads to a bachelor degree in commerce . For being succesfull in completting this programm and later on be succesfull in a job it its important to not just know of the factors concerning consumer primary and secondary need as well as factors effecting conjucture circels and markts , but to put them in context . So if someone for example works at a company that needs a new product or wants to decide in what to investigate , the acting person needs to develop a feeling for how a market will develop and how householdneeds will develop and what factors will effect them and how they will effect . Once this hole ammount of informating is put into a well understood and organised system qualified decitions can be made . This of course does not mean , that just learing simple facts is totally unnececary . No , its more a kind a basic knowlage needed for understanding and working with concepts . If you ask me after all both ways of learning are important , but the concept understanding based on the factstudding in more important . There are of cource exceptions . For example while learning a new language . So in the beginning it is most important to archieve a lot of vocabulary just but simple fact learning and later on using gramma . Here it depends how well someone needs to learn a language . If its just basicknowlage for traveling in another country you maye never visit after the vacation again , its not important to fully anderstand concepts like the gramma of the language . If u plan on living it that country both ways of learning might appear realy important . The statement , that simple factlearning will nececary lead to failtue is not 100 % true , but it contains a important message and should be used as a motivator , especially in certain fields of study .
(FRE,high) I am under the impression that advertisements in general do not make people believe that the products that they aim at selling is better than they really are . Actually , as far as I am concerned , I think that the purpose of an advertisement is to emphasize the qualities of a good . Of course , an advertisement will not highlight the defects of a good because it will not be attractive for people . The fact that a product is in reality not so better as it seemed is just a question of perception : it is a subjective problem . This brings us to the matter of the subjectivity . Actually , one consumer can be satified by a good that he has bought whereas another consumer will not . The satisfaction about a good 's qualities is to be linked with what every consumer research in it . It seems to me that there are no general rules that tell anyone what qualities are to be found in a specific good . It is up to each consumer to make up its mind . In that sense , to answer this question , we should make an opinion poll to know the peoples 's opinion about the qualities they expected from the product and what they really think once they have received it . Moreover I would like to mention the fact that before buying , you always have got the possibility to ckeck the product so that you can see by yourself if the product is what you expect it to be . I get the feeling that a good advertisement can make you think that what you will buy is a good product whereas in reality it is not . For example , if you buy a product that everybody knows because everybody has seen its advertisement , there will be a such phenomenom that everybody will want to possess it . This is the case of products that are said to be fashion . No matter how the qualities of the good are : because the advertisement is well-known and attractive , the fact that it might not be a good product does not matter . The fact that this product is attractive prevails . But one must bear in mind that in that case , the product is said to be good because you possess the last new product of a company and not because the product in question has real qualities . To put it into a nutshell , one could conclude by saying that the advertisement of a product has taken so much importance nowadays that it could make us forget to ckeck if we really need it and if it satisfies us .
(ITA,medium) Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . Maybe . It 's also true that nowadays communities that need to be helped are lots more than in the past . I think the main question is too big for being resumed in these two lines . Young People , right now , is more dedicated in avoiding its own big problems such drugs , aids , racism and so on . Describing the help a person can give to his community begins from the little . I can talk about my personal impressions and actions . In the city i live , Milano , the helping attitude in general is so low , and people basically go on their own business . They do n't understand that giving help to someone may cost time , energy and can go over the rules . Personally , i 'm training kids living in the suburbs doing graffiti , an art that know how to create without loosing the feeling of the street . Sometimes what we do could seem wrong to someone else , but i know i 'm taking with me those kids and keeping them away from really wrong habits they could begin to have . What me and few friends do is not helped by no church , organization or organized groups : is something we do because we feel we can do something with those skills god gave us . Is an action that goes little , dedicated , moving in the shadow : we just know that those kids will have something right , colourful and creative to do in their streets instead of beginning something wrong . Beside that , every day is plenty of little but not less important occasions to helping people : giving your seat to someone more needful , bringing your old clothes to the local church , help someone crossing the streets . Little by little . Sometimes a smile can last for days , even if it 's a glimpse . Carlo .
(ITA,medium) I agree with the statment that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . If I think about my past when I was younger . I can remember the idea that my friends and I had about helping our communities . We used to spent at least few hours a week to provide services and help people that were in some kind of trouble . Naturally our help was related with our age , but it was a good way to teach us the sense of community . Nowadays I can see in many different occasion that young people are more selfish , they think just about themself and what is the best thing to do just for themself . During last years I have never met a young person that was giving some of his time to do something helpfull for the community . In our modern society there are many thing that everybody should do for the benefit of our community , and some of them should be done expecially by young people . For example they should spent part of their time staying with old peolple and help them . I think this is a good way to learn the history and get a sense of responsability . I remember that I used to do that expecially with all my grandparents , and I learnd many things from them . Nowadays young peolpe prefer to stay with their friends maybe waisting time or doing something really useless . Probably there are different reasons why young peolpe have this kind of attitude , but I think that the most important reason is related with their parents . I think they forgot wich are the most important values in a sociaty . They also did not teach what a kid should do for his growing and how relate with the community . I am sure that if I will have a children I will teach him how to give his help to his community and how to relate with it .
(GER,medium) In our modern time of new ways of communication via television or internet it is not difficult to make a product seem much better through advertisements than it really is . Lets take for example a pencil which is praised to be of very high qualitiy at tele-shopping , of course for a low price . The costumer will pick up the telephone and order this lovely pencil . Two weeks later he got the small packet with the little pencil in it and he ca n't wate to open it . Still he thinks he made a good deal with what he bought on TV , very practical and easy buying . But what happens in the end ? The colour of the pencil is blue instead of black as it was shown on TV . The writing is not that lovely as it was described in the advertisment . What now ? Big disappointment . As we see in this little example the new medias have the power to manipulate the costumer in a way he does not even take note of it . The composion of the light in which the product is recorded , or the frame in which it is showed can make it seem bigger , smaller , nicer etc . For the costumer it is hard to imagine how the product looks like in reality . This kind of manipulation bz making things appear better than thez really are is a profession for itself , in that way one can imagine how effective these tools must be . Conclusona ; in may opinion in many cases the original product is very different in aspect and quality so that one has to be carefull with too fast decisions about buying a product . It is always better to put down the glasses of advertisments and look with zour own eyes
(GER,medium) In my point of view the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts is right to a certain extend . The purpose of education in my eyes is not only to teach scientific facts to students , but also to convey the concepts of the political systems and set of values of your society . In order to do so it is important that the students develop the ability to understand different ideas and concepts and get to know how to critically deal with ideas . This will help the students to understand why it is important fot them to study hard and gain more knowlege in certain areas . By understanding the purpose of their education , students feel that school it is not something which is imposed on them , but will help them to deal with educational challenges in their future life . However , the base for different ideas and concepts are usually facts . In order to understand ideas and concepts it is necessary to have a basic knowledge of facts . Without these facts , students can not understand where these ideas come from or how they have been developed in the first place . However , teaching only facts can not be the aim of an education . If you teach students only facts there is a high probability that they will feel bored . It might be difficult for them to understand the reason why knowing these facts can be important for them and how these facts might help them in their future lifes . To summarize this I think there should be a balance between teaching facts and teaching ideas and concepts to students . They are both necessary to complete a good education , but I think conveying ideas and concepts should have the priority in a teaching concept .
(ITA,low) Nowawhere there more people that prefer try new thing because they think this is better than the older . There are thing that are better . For example : internet , pay tv , mp3 , cordless phone , etc . The positive thing is that is more symple , fast comunicate with other person . Do not make undermeasiring in the communication because to can use internet . In fact with internet you can have a relation also with a person not near . You can use internet or the pay tv for having most knowledge to world that surronding us . Unfortunately , the are news things that are worst than the older . In fact I think that pollution is the conseguence to use to those things . I think about air conditional that in tha summer is used inadeguatemently . Alse the car , I think , is a nagative innovation bacause brings pollution and it doe n't move the people making a other problems . Howewhere , I thing there are things that well and others that are worst . You can choose the best thing for but not is the best for others . I choose the thing best for o
(ITA,medium) When we are asked if it 's better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects then to specialize in one specific subject we reach a great problem . First of all we must be aware that knowing everything about every subject in the world is definitely impossible , so , if the choice is to have a limited knowledge in a large number of subject or a good knowledge in one subject only , we are tempted to take the second choice . Nowadays we can find so many specialization classes in universities that consequently the request for jobs is becoming more and more specialized . So we understand that a specialization in one subject is actually inevitable , but it is more likely for workers to have a broad knowledge about different subjects because this knowledge is very important in the formation of a man 's experience as an individual . Therefore , having a good general knowledge is important in people working life , where different abilities are often required in addition to a great ability in your own specialization . In addition to it , it is true that a high knowledge of one subject makes easier for people to be hired for specific jobs , but it is also true that this will limit a lot your chances to get a work a little different from the one you have been so specificly trained for . Having a good general knowledge helps also in social context , because if a parson with a grat specific knowledge is highely considered in the strict environment of his subject , a person with a good broad knowledge will be kept in high consideration among common people in common context of situation . To conclude , in my opinion , though nowadays a higher and higher specific knowledge is required in our modern working context , it is basicly important to have a good broad knowledge , to succeed in the whole of the contexts of our lives .
(JPN,medium) I agree the statement successful people try new things and take risks rather than only donig what they already know how to do well . Some people say successful people tend to be conservertive and not to change the environment because they do not want to lose the things they already have . However , I do not agree these kind of opinion thorugh my own experiences meeting successful peeple and reading books about successful people . For example , one of my father 's friends , who he was very successful as being CFO in the largest advertising company in Japan , started running the organic food restaurant for elder people after retireing his job . Another example , some famous Japanese traditional dancing artist started her own international trading company which introduces Japanese traditional gadgets to the UK . Though she had no experience and knowledge about business . I think there are three common chacteristics in successful people . First , they are always interested in and want to know the new information and intelligence he or she have never touched . Second , they think one of the important objectives in their life is to meet and make friends with a lot of people as many as they can . Third , they think progress and inovation is the only way they keep their success . I think almost all the successful people I know hold these common characteristics and these points make successful people more powerful and attractive . In concequence of this circulation , successful people want to find some new challenges even though they have to take risks . Therefore , I think successful people may want to try new things and enter new environments to find new opportunites to make them more successful .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement because it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is to learn facts . First factor is the age at this age as student it is better to learn the concepts and understand the ideas because at this age we should learn about the concepts which are first step for a student . At this age student can easily get the point of concepts . for example take a student of 7th standared in that class teachers teach the basics of the subject so it is time for him learn the concepts then facts . Second is as the student grows older he can learn about the facts . Any student how is getting older can learn from his past about the facts . For example consider 10 th standard student as he gets older he realizes the facts in this world . So it is better for him concertrate on his studies then knowing about the facts . Third is it 's the time of student to improve his skills on the studies because if he improves his skills in it then he is automitacially learns about the facts in it . For example consider a student how is studying 12th standard he learns from his past life the facts in it . as he growsup he knows more about the facts so it is better for student to concentrate on understanding the ideas and the concepts . Forth at the student age knowing about the facts can cause problems fro example it is not correct for primary student to know about sex in his childhood it tends to life of that student . Finally i conclude that it is better for students to understand the ideas and the concepts then to learn facts at this age .
(FRE,medium) Nowadays , tourism has become an important part of the entertainement industry , especially in the Western societies . People tired - and sometimes fed up - with their jobs always keep an eye on their agenda , waiting for the next vacation . But when this day arrives , people usually have to face a dramatic dilemma : do they have to travel by their own or with a tour guide ? This issue has been largely debated for the next ten years and is at the heart of the political campaign of many countries . Travelling by your own implies that you can be organized : you have to book the hotel yourself and you have to speak the language of the country you plan to visit . Overall , it will be difficult to understand the story and to appreciate the monuments you visit , except if you already know the culture of the country very well . Actually , the choice depends of the type of vacation you like . For instance , if I go on vacation to the beach and that my aim is to have fun playing volley ball and having a nap while staring at the sea , it is not obvious that I need to be led by a tour guide . Actually I can still do so , but the role of the guide will be slightly reduce , since there is nothing special to visit . On the other hand , if you prefer a cultural trip , things are different , and you might need a tour guide as I said belove . I would say that being led by a tour guide is the best way to travel if you fancy cultural trip . My point of vue is that I prefer travelling on my own . Thus I can make cultural discovery and meet the inhabitants of the country I am visiting . Furthermore , I can practice my foreign language . That 's it : next vacation I will go to a English speaking country , so I could practice my English . I will lose my horrible french accent . And I will not need to pass the Toefl exam anymore . Therefore I will no longer bother an anonymous corrector with stupid essay ; )
(ARA,medium) I think what makes a lot of people successful is thier tendcy to try new things and ways , and being ready to take the risks the come on thier way as a result of thier creativty . lets take the history and developmet of science as an example , we can easily notice that great scientsts in the history of science share the quality of being skceptic about the domminat way of thinking in thier era . and as a result they interduced creative approaches which radicly differ from the common and the established . and we can take Einstine , s theory of relativity as a case study , Einstien as phycists refused to confirm with the domminat Newtenian mechanical physiscs that was the main stream in physics , and instead he forced his way through a radical way of thinking that emphesized the idea of the relative in contrast with the idea of the constant . let us imagine the lost that humanity could have suffered if Einstien did not choose to think differently , and let us imagine all the great doors of knowledge that were opened as a result of this novelty of thinking . waht we learn from Einstien is thinking differernt is the core of our essence as humman beings as free creatures that refuse to accept the norm that others are more cabaple than we are
(HIN,medium) The above topic does seem appealing to me as it takes into account the question that comes into my mind quite often `` How could I beat the person I admire most , for example my Father . '' There is always an example set before me and I can always learn from his mistakes and move forward in my life . In contrast the older people have reached a stagnancy level where there body doesnt allow them to develop further and the day you ca n't go futrther on the road to success is the day when your life ends . Another reason for which I support the younger generation is because of their potential to do whatever they want to . A older person is not in a situation of the same as he is not in the condition and there ara numerous ` IFFS ' that haunt his mind . For eg. One day I saw an accident in which a person ran his car over the legs of other person . There were many people gathered there and they tried to stop the driver but somehow he flew away . There was police complaint lodged against the driver as his car 's number was taken down . However ehen the evidences came to know that the driver was an influential person and could harm them , most of the witnesses took back their complaint . Most of these witnesses comprised of the older people who gave the reason that they dont want to put their family in danger . On the other hand there was a group which did n't step down whatever may be the consequences and eventually they acheived success in last though they had to face numerous hardships . This spirit of cahnging the world in the younger generation what I love and yearn for . Gen X , as they say has the believe that everything is possible , which is admirable . Even when you ask an elderly person about the best time in his life he would certainly describe his college years . The other thing That one loves about the carefree life a young person can live that is , on his own terms and conditions whereas an older person has numerous worries to bother him such as the future of his children , family resources etc . I know that they are imp
(HIN,medium) The question being asked wheather successful people should try new things and take risks or they should keep on doing what they already know and what they already do . This is an interesting topic since it is related with risk-taking by the people . In my opinion , i believe that people should try new things and try to take risks if they can . I think , If we do some thing for a long time than we would already improve that skills and we would get bore of doing one thing again and again . And being a successful person there would be less chances of loss . Or if there might any loss occured than it will not affect that person business much more . And , if we would do some different things it can be good as far as change is concerned . If we have capability to take risks and to improve ourself than there is nothing wrong in taking risks . I am a pharmacist , So being a pharmacist i believe in research and development . And in research and development i try to innovate more and more useful drugs which have low side effects and have high margin of safety . And for that purpose i believe in taking risk in changing already existing formula of any perticular formulation or drug . Which can help me to invent new drug which is more advantageous than the existing drug . So , according to me , we should keep on trying to do new thing apart from what we do in our day to day curriculum . Furthermore , i thing , during present time where each and every person try to gain more and more knowledge as compared to others . And for this everyone has to take more chances to improve his skills and to become better than others . For example , if some one would not have taken risk of developing Atomic bomb than we would not have been aware of that . In conclusion , i have shown that successful person should try new things and take risks . Since without risks , there will not be any development .
(TUR,high) Since Henry Ford has given his famous staement of `` You can get whatever color you want as long as it is black '' the car industry has always been one of the most important achievements of today 's society . With the building of new highways and better roads that even penetrate to the most deserted places in countries the need and urge in people to obtain a car that is suitable for them is growing . Nonetheless the financial sectors and car industry are encouraging people to be a player in this car consumption madness with new innovations towards the comfort of people and giving credits and financial support to people who wont be able to afford to purchase a car without the help of a deliberate amount of financial credit . However will this tide of cars will stop in some day . It is obvious that with each day passing a new innovation is served to us in the car industry . That is the key point for the car manufacturers to stir the human desire element inside us as it is for sure that every single one of us mostly burn with the desire to buy bigger and more luxurious cars as long as we can afford it . Even sometimes we get loans in order to achieve our desire on this . In combination with this families have started to purchase cars for each of the family member and you can easily witness the fact that in most of the families there are more than one car . This in fact is a very good explanation of how the competion and rivalry in the car industry develops everyday . If someone looks from this perspective it can easily be concluded that in the future we , even for basic humanity needs , will be using our cars . Supporting this discussion in todays environment the weakness of public transformation is also an important encouraging factor for people to buy cars . People feel more secure and comfortable to tarvel with their own car rather that changing several public transportation vehicles and reach their destination far later that they would desire . Also having a luxurious and comfortable car is a sign of reputation and wealth in todays world which may help people in their social and business life . Despite these pros however there are also several points that may be cunted as cons of the increase of cars in the society . One of them is that although there are several Research and development activities revolving on the issue of fuel consumption , the primary fuel for now is oil which is a really scarce resource in te world and which each day needs more expenses and effort to be harvested . Whether we like it or not if new innovations such as the ones right now , being electricity and hydrogen , caanot get common we then unwillingly will be saying goodbye to our precious cars , Another important point id the ratio of building more roads to the sales of cars as new cars need new structure to travel on . Thus the governments try to give high importance to establish more highways and roads for the new cars but usually the supply is far lower than the demand . This in return create huge traffic problems . As I stated above people do not want to give up their comfort using the public transportation means whic in return build a mess of chaos in the traffic . Everday it is loading huge stress on people to wait for hours being stuck in the point and move less than 10 meters in an hour . Lastly pollution created by the cars is an important problem as most of the environmental pollution is backed by the exhaust fumes of the cars . However these problems lack the necessary motivation for people to give up their cars and switch to someting else . In conclusion I would say that considering the pros and cons above I would have to disagree with the statement that in twenty years time we will have less cars . Although the cons are important points to be taken care of still cars are one of the precious things that the people perceive as their primary part of their life . It is unknown whether by the rapid development in technology will replace something else with our precious cars but in this sequence we are having now I would say that there will be more cars in twenty years time than we have now .
(TEL,high) I do agree with the statement that it is very much important for the students to understand the ideas and concepts rather than to learn facts . Let 's take a common example of a student listening to a science lecture . It 's very much important for him to understand what is dealt about before forming an opinion on the topic . If the lecturer just put the facts infront and ask him to byheart them it wud be of no use . The student might forget those facts after sometime as that do not create a strong impression in mind . But rather if he understands the ideas and the concept behind the topic there is a higher chance he can remember that for a longer time . Another important aspect is that just learning the facts would not lead to the development of the subject . It 's only when one gets a thourough idea of the complexities involved in that , one would get an idea of how to develop the concepts . For example let us take a student doing his project work on developing automobile efficiency . Unless he knows what are the factors involved in developing efficiency he cannot succeed . It involves the student to learn the ideas and concepts behind the subject apart from learning the facts . In most of the cases it 's proven that false understanding of a subject would lead to an irrepairable situation . And knowing the facts without probing into them always leads to a false conclusion . Secondly probing into the facts and understanding them also helps a student on a personal front . In one 's daly life one may come across many complex situations , which if one considers only the facts might land oneself into trouble . Let 's take an example of a student getting angry on his father for not providing him more pocket money . The father would not give more money as he perhaps feel that his son is involving in illegal activities . The student should probe why his father 's not giving him the money rather that to blame
(FRE,medium) Cars can be directly linked to energy and pollution . Which means that by using cars , we improve the air pollution . But it only concerns the actions of the consumer , as far as the producers are concerned , it is more obvious . This industrial activity is pointed out by every environmental association even if huge firms such as General Motors are concerned . This pressure is part of the fight for the decrease of the use of cars and of pollutants in general . Pollution , its effect on Earth , people who fight against the development of car activity and the new means of substition which are created to replace the means of travelling are they not ways to make car disappear . The natural resources which are used to make a car drive is petrol . The recent financial event underlines the fact that this product is harder to get and more expensive above all . It is necessary to find other carburants for example natural oil . But it is forbidden in a lot of industrialised countries and the need would very important , it is not sure that every car could be provided with this element . Instead of finding other resources to supply the car chain , it may be interesting to find other ways of travelling . Moreover these ways already exist . Bus , Subway , even plane are means of travelling which can be used in a lot of areas . Some governments tend to develop these collective ways of transport . In France especially in Paris , for example , they are some days when people are not allowed to use their cars in town . According to me this kind of action have several impacts . It reduces pollution in town , but it also make the population aware that there is no need for a car in day to day life . For all these reasons I think that cars will not completely disappear in twenty years , but there will be different means of travelling and certainly more ecological way of using cars .
(JPN,low) Yes , I agree with this idea . First , young people do not have enough total amount of time . The environment around them has got more materialized than what it used to be , and young people live in the world of multi-media with flooded information . So now young people can choose various lifestyle , but they became busier . Second , everything has get too commercialized , especially in urban area . They can live comfortablly without any help of neibors , using many services provided by enterprises . So they do not care enough about their community . Third , communication inside community takes place little , even on the family level . It is very natural for them to tend to spend time for themselves , not for the others . For these three reasons I strongly agree with the statment about nowad
(KOR,low) A lot of people belive that It is more important for students to learn fact . However , I agree with that It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts . Here are some seficific reason to support my opinion . First of all , If people just learn fact they would think just result and they would care about only fact besides any processing . When I was in high school I was that kind of person who just care about result and fact and I just studied and memorize a lot of things . It seemed worked couple of times . I got good grade until I was in freshman but I got really bad score in history class . I was upset because I thought I knew pretty well about history so I complained to history teacher . At that time , my teacher said that I logically remember everything for example If she asked `` Which year did it happen ? '' I could answer but If she asked `` Which happened below that happend ? '' I could not answer . That is because I just remembered the fact I did not care about why I happended . After that I changed a style of way to study and tried to understand concepts and ideas not only fact and I got higher score in history class and even other classes too . second of all , If students just studyed fact It would also not good for their patient . They would learn What is the begining and result . Thesedays Lots of people can not be patient they can not wait only a few minute . In conclusion , It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
(ARA,medium) I 'm not quite agree with that the travel would be the best when it has tour guide . But it is such a good idea to be with a group . And that guide lead you to know wonderful sites that the guide know them better than the tourists . I would prefer have group guide if I have know idea about the country that I 'm visiting . I will discuss that difference in details supported by examples . Traveling is something nice and let you discover many things that you do n't know before . First , to discover the site that you visit you must have a guide because you have any idea about it at natural . You might be see this site by the internet or a catalog . In this case , the leader of the group will show all the sites that you came for them . Second , the leader will give you a coplete idea about the city that you are visiting . For example , you might visit such a country that has historical sites and some these sites 's inhabitants home or their ancestor 's home . And the leader has plenty background about the history aspects of this country the tourist might want to know from him . In the other hand , I as a tourist I might use the tour guide for just some trips or some sites in particular . For example , I can not use the tour guide when I want to visit a country that I have an idea about it . Also I will not use the tour guide if I 'm going to visit safe country or small country which I can go around the country veery easily . Many cases that the tour guide must be with you . For example , if you are traveling with senior people or very old people . The tour guide would make it easier to move from site to site for the old people .
(TUR,medium) While some people believe most advertisements do not make products seem much better than they really are , l agree this statement.l think there are three important reason to support this idea . these are that to reach people is more esier and advertiser can show product diffirent with imitations and people do not have real information about products . As far as l know almost everybody has one television or radio . they can get all news from television or radio . For instance l watch t.v almost every day at least two hours . If people watch the same thing constantly after long time they believe imitated material on screen . As a matter of fact television especially most effective tool. l beleive also that all people are not educated to evaluate all prosess on television . they can accept all thing without thinking . Another important reason is that l beleive advertiser get educational support to effect people . They take advantage of opportunity . They already have information how to influence people . For example people have some weaknesses such as emotion or dramatic . When we watch children who is carrying and listen to song so emotional backround we would like to do everythings . we feell that is our responsibility . Last reason is that as a society do not like read books about . Proof is amount of buying news papers , so advertiser can exaggate news for selling their product . we face to lack of the knowledge . if we have some informations we can seperate which one is correct which one is wrong . Because of these reasons l support that vision can be changed by advertiser . However as a consumer we have to be more qualified . They depend on our life style . We have to spend time get rigth informations .
(TUR,high) I do not agree with this statement . This essay will explore my reasoning why I do not support the statement that understanding ideas and concepts are more important than it is for them to learn facts . First , I believe that learning is a step by step process . Understanding ideas and concepts , and learning facts are both form the crucial steps of this process . If one step is missing learning can not be completed . For example preparing a meal requires some necessary steps . If the cook has all the ingreditens and the cooking pan but nevertheless he does not have an oven there will be no meal . I believe that it is the same in learning as well . If someone understand all the key points and concepts but does not learn the facts the learning can not be completed . Second , this statement does not explain clearly which kind of subjects are the main aspects of the discussion . As some meals do not require cooking such as a salad , in some subject areas learning the facts is not necessary as understanding the ideas and concepts . For instance especially in social sciences understanding the issues matter most than learning the facts since students are required to form their own facts through analyzing the ideas . However in scientific subjects such as chemistry or biology understanding the ideas will not be enough and learning the facts is crucial . For example a chemistry student can understand that the idea of exploding elements but he needs to know the results what happens if those elements come together . As being a fourth year Business Administration student I do not remember a time when just understanding ideas were enough for me to learn a subject as a whole without knowing the facts . I believe that ideas and facts go hand in hand in the process of learning . In conclusion this statement misses out the importance of the different learning requirements of different subject areas and discourages students from trying to learn the facts . No matter what is the level of importance of the facts on the subject area , as I mentioned before the learning process is a step by step process . Thus , without the step of learning facts it will not be completed as it is supposed to . Many people do not even eat salad without chicken or beef in it , so even salad sometimes require cooking . Therefore I believe many students may need to know the facts of a subject whey they understand the ideas of it as well .
(TUR,medium) Everybody wants to be successfull in life , nevertheless only some people achive this . I 'm firmly agree with the statement that successfull people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . In the present essay I will endouver to figure out my reasons . From my point of view , one of the major factor in reaching success is self-development . But how can it be possible while always doing the same things . You should try new things to reach better solutions . Otherwise you can not develop what you are doing . Moreover in our high compettative era it is more difficult to be successful . Because everybody endeavor to do their best , you must do something different . Being different always make you more easy to being recognised , nevertheless you must try something different , even something never tried before . And this means risk . When we consider the successful people lived in the history , we see a common point . This is risk taking . Although there are many people in history who has taken risk and than fail , I think we must be thankful for their effort because we have reached our modern era with the efforts of such kind of people . For instance Madam Currie risked her life to find some radiactive materials . But she made a huge progress in chemistry area . In conclusion , I want to remark that doing what we already know how to do well , without taking risk in lfe , we can not make progress . From my point of view success is worthwhile to take some risks in life .
(CHI,medium) With the development of scientice and techonlogy , people pay more attention to the education . In today 's society , wether we should learn many subjects or not ? Some people thinks that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . I agree with this opinion because it can improve and extend prople 's knowledge and people should have many interesting subjects to catch up with the development of society . But others do n't think so . The first reason can support my idea is that people acquire more knowledge from different subjects . Every body knows that different subjects have a few relationships . When you have trouble in one field , you can change your mind to use distinctive method from another field . If you do n't know other knowledge , you may give up the questions or waste a lot of time to think about it . The second reason is that we should keep up with the development of society . Nowadays , many employ need the compound person that have broad knowledge . When the employ fire some person that useless , they will fire the person that have learned one knowledge or skill but learned many skills . For example , If you can speak many kinds of languages , you will find the job better than person that can speak one language . That 's the different . Otherwise , people that learned one subject have some benefits . Such as , In conclusion , I think that people should learn many academic subjects . Because it can extend knowledgr and keep up with the development of society .
(ITA,medium) This is a problematic issue we are going to speak about . It is not easy to steadly take a position regarding this statement : I can just provide my personal experience on this matter : it 's true that I do n't use to spend time in helping my community but first we need to make clear what we mean with `` helping mine community '' . I 'm not into any social organization or no profit company and in this way I 'm not helping my community , that 's true . But simply because I have not time to do that since I made a choice : I am a student and I chose to give the priority to my studies in order to get a serious job , which obviously , if well done , will bring help to my family , my city and hopefully my nation , or better My Own Community . Probably you'r gonna ask me which kind of job I 'm looking for , what background I have and what studies I 'm taking to have such a weird idea about `` helping your community '' ... well I 'm a normal student and I 'm going to graduate in engineering , and that is quite common ! Also the job I will find will seem normal , but not the way I 'll work . I am sure that if everybody work with interest and good purposes they do help their community , instead of working not motivated and not well prepared . Infact working not well prepared of course is negative first for you , and for your entire community as well . So , my job right now is to study , and I have no time for being a volunteer helping my community in the `` standard '' ways . I think that the best I can do in order to help my community is to keep studying hard , find a good job and work hard and in a positive way , and of course my job will bring benefits to my community . This what I mean for `` Helping our Community '' .
(TEL,medium) Enjoyment of life is boon from god to all the living creatures . Every person likes to enjoy his life in his own way , irrespective of his age . Age is not the matter to enjoy life , since every person enjoys his life according to the energy he is capable of . According to my point of view young people enjoy a lot than older people , because they are cold blooded , highly energitic and flexible to every movement . Since it is a growing age , he is free of problems , and enjoys every movement of life . Due to the flexibility he can do any thing he wanted to do , without any riddles . Young people enjoy life by participating in various activities as a part of studying . For example young people belonging to school age enjoy a lot , such as making noises , screaming , fighting among themselves , parcipating in various physical activities , due to which they maintain agood health which yeilds good growth . Because this is the age we able to know each other , knowing relationships making buddies and having lots of fun . Older people are not so energitic as young blood , because of the age factor , not flexible body as age grows and responsibilities they have around them . They cannot enjoy the same one as , the zeal with which young people do . Because they are always cornered with the problems and responsibilities that surround around them . According to me young people are free birds who can stretch their wings to enjoy the world around them . At the mourning age we like to spend a lots of time with friends , roaming on bikes and attending parties and functions to get the time passed and the joyful and delightful mood . At this age we spend lavishly and even and we do not even known how to control our activities . Older people cannot do the same as young lads do since they know life and the consequences they limit themselves to major extend . Every person has his own view . According to me we enjoy a lot in youn
(KOR,high) Understanding the ideas and concepts is exceptionally crucial when it comes to learning for it creates the foundations of learning . Unlike facts , fully understood ideas and concepts are appliable and can possibly extend the knowledge . This is especially true when it comes to numerical fields of studies . Without understanding the basic concepts of countless laws of nature , it is impossible to modify or apply the concept and develop them into new ideas . For elementary example , kids generally learn multiplication by applying and expending their knowledge and concepts of addition . By adding same groups of numbers several times , the multiplication is understood and learned . Without understanding the basic concept and ideas of addition , the child may not follow the mere fact that three times two is equal to six . Compared to understanding ideas and concepts , learning facts is a mere memorization . Facts has their beginning to the end . Facts can be specified to certain events that can be fully described . Facts are obtained to us by memorizing them . Ideas and concepts , however , cannot be fully described in words . They are understood through more sofisticated advanced features of our brain . If education was based largely based on learning facts , the students may not be able to develop and use their brains fully ; rather , they would be trained to memorize than to understand and apply . Also , it is through understanding other various ideas and concepts that students learn to perceive different aspects and form their opinions . Through learning the different ideas of great thinkers such as Socrates or Confucious , which differ significantly , the students may see the broader view of the world of ideas . Learning facts however , cannot teach us or make us perceive various aspects of life or world as effectively as the variety of concepts does . It is not an exaggeration to say that understanding ideas and concepts form the most basic step to the education and knowledge . It is through fully understanding ideas and concepts that one may learn the different view of world and be able to modify their understandings to more advanced and developed concepts and ideas . Learning facts may be important in obtaining knowledges , however , it is understanding ideas that teaches you how to expand the knowledge .
(GER,high) Cars are freedom and independence ! That 's what many people think about cars offering them the opportunity to travel individually everytime and to whereever they want . I think that therefore in twenty years there will be at least as many cars used in the world as there are nowadays , and I 'll try to show some more reasons for that in this essay . First of all , people are very slow in changing their habits , so even a new technology would not suddenly stop them all driving cars . And there is no technology to expect in the next few years that could challenge with that flexibility of a cabin that can be freely driven by one person , in other words it seems that there will be no alternative to cars for years . If you think about cars in the future you should definetly take a closer look at Asia . China and India develop quickly and will soon use a lot of cars , and remember that we are talking about nearly one third of the world 's population ! Noone could stop them from using that easy and quick transportation technology , so they will be happy to start using it like the western world was in the middle of the last century . Some people say that there would not be enough oil for future use of cars . But experts predicts that the oil would last for at least another 50 years and in addition every year more fields are discovered . To come back to the first and most important point , the flexibility of cars offering independence to their drivers , it has to be asked if you would be giving up that opportunity just for saving the environment or stop the traffic and noise on the streets . While everyone knows that cars seriously pollute the air noone would stop using them for that reason , because they are not able to see the consequences of that pollution directly or do not recognize them . All at all , there wo n't be fewer cars in the future and in twenty years we have to expect an even bigger number than today .
(CHI,medium) according to this statment , i think that students should learn the facts more than just understand the idea and concepts because if they just understand the ideas and the concepts , they are n't really understand what they have learn . and , if they just understand the ideas and the concepts , they ca n't use what they have learn in the future . if students just understand the ideas and the concepts , they do n't know what they have already learn . for example , a student wants to learn how to swim , he knows the idea and the concept , but he does n't try it before . he thnks that he knows how to swim ; however , he does n't . or if a student is learning how to play piano , he listens to the teacher teach him how to play the piano , he knows many things about how to play a piano , but he does n't play the piano before . does he know how to play a piano ? the answer is not , he does n't know how to play it . because he is just a paper soldier , he just knows how to talk , but not to play . nevertheless , if students learn the fact , they can use it in the future . students study many things at school , but there are only a little knowlegal they can use in the the future . for example , if the studens study business at school , after they finish the school . they can be the businessman . if some people study nursing at school , they can be a nurse in the future . however , if those people just understand the ideas and the conceptsat school , they will mkae some trouble in the future . there are many things happen suddenly , if they do n't now the fact , they ca n't slove the problem if they should face the problem at that time . however , if they have learn the fact , it is easier to slove a problem than they just understand the ideas and the concepts on everythings . therefore , students must learn the fact of everything when they are at school because it will affect their future if they just understand the ideas and the concepts about everythings
(ITA,medium) It 's very difficult to state if it is better to have a deep specialization in a certain subject or instead to have a broad but more superficial academic knowledge . Reasons for mantaining both positions are several . Having a complete knowledge of a subject may bring to a full comprehension of what is under it . It involves understanding causes and consequences of all principles included . For this reason I think this kind of high quality specific culture may be very useful for investigation . Research programs take advantage from people that have specific competences about the research objectives . And it is surely from this people that further developements can come . Moreover , I think that a strong competence on a subject may be a great personal satisfaction . Knowing everything about a process or a specific matter would certainly create a deep satisfaction in a person , that in a certain way pays him back of all the efforts made in achieving it . On the other hand , I think that a broad culture brings much more satisfaction to whom holds it . It may be true that having many competences implies not to have very specific concerns . But I think that knowing a bit of many things allows to understand better the world we live in . I mainly think that life is n't all inside a research laboratory , nor all in a university . In my opinion , meeting , exchanging impressions and relating with people is one of the most interesting things to do . Having many knowledges allows to stay with everybody , without being exluded from any group . It is true that in this way any subject will be accademically achieved in a complete way . But the essential things that lacks may be aprehended from others . In conclusion , I think that the advantages brought by a deep knowledge of an academic subject are not sufficient to balance the loss of many interests that this achievement would imply . Spending the same amount of time , a person who goes too deep into a subject experiences a loss , due to the many other things he or she could have studied .
(TEL,high) I strongly opine with the statement that it is best to travel in a group led by a tour guide . If you visit a new place , it is always better to consult a guide since we will be ignorant about the historical information . There are lots of benefits when you have a travel guide around . The guides will have vast amount of information regarding the place . For example , they could give you historical significance of the place or any other important reasons for the fame of a particular place . It would be of no point in visiting places when you are completely unaware of its significance . And also , the guides will have vast knowledge about the places around so that we will not miss any of them and repent later . It is also convinient to interact with people when guides are around . There could be huge linguistic difference and also cultural difference . Also , there are all possibilities of getting cheated by people when you are a foreigner . Usuaully , the guides are multilingual and hence there are no chances of getting cheated . In India , a south asian country , there are many historical places famous for its magnificient architecture . There are stories depicting their significane . It would be of no point if we look at the work without any knowledge about it . It would merely be a piece of work . But instead if we know the story behind its significance , we will be in a position to appreciate the work . I could give a good example to support this point . One of my friends had been to a historical place in India . When she returned , she told me her experiences and the work she saw . She did not feel anything special about it . I then , explained the significance of the place . It was then she really appreciated it and felt that she should have known it then . She then appreciated the culture and did further research on the topic and the culture . Hence , i feel that it is always better to have sufficient knowledge while visiting any place .
(FRE,high) I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts - at least at university level . Having studied law in both England and in France , I have had the chance to compare two very different legal systems and more importantly , two different approaches to education , especially to the teaching of law . Studying law at university in England typically takes three years . After three years of undergraduate studies , students obtain their `` LL.B. degree '' . It is also possible for students who have studied something else during their undergraduate studies to take a one-year-conversion course and obtain the equivalent of the LL.B. degree . The three-year period of time is relatively short compared with the study time that is required of law students on the European continent , for instance five years in Belgium and Spain , four years in France etc . The one-year-conversion course also seems to be a tremedously flexible alternative to the many years of studying law that are required on this side of the Channel . This is a good illustration of diverging points of view on the question whether it is more important that students understand ideas and concepts or learn facts . Indeed , in British universities , emphasis is put on reasoning . Professors and students gather to discuss different topics , argue , give pros and cons ... all for the sake of discussion and developing a critical sense . It is believed that students will not be able to learn all the facts and memorize all the laws and/or jurisprudence so the focus remains on understanding the reasoning and legal concepts . On the Continent however , universities focus much more on teaching students something `` substantial '' and to that end , students need to memorize a lot of material which serves as the basis of their reasoning . To conclude , I would say that having experienced both systems , I found the British approach more constructive . It could be compared to teaching a man how to fish instead of giving him a fish .
(GER,high) It is a fact that cars are parts of our daily lives . And you cannot deny that we do need them , but if we will look in the furture ; are there going to be more or less cars used by human beings in twenty years ? I would say that there wo n't be many cars left on streets worldwide , for the following reasons . Firstly , technic and its experts constantly develope new technologies . Who knows which transport possibilities are there going to be in twenty years ? Nobody of the nineteenth century had ever dared thinking that humans are going to fly or even fly to the moon in the twentieth century . May be all people are not driving anymore in the future , but they are flying with little u-boats ? Secondly , as our environment is nearly totally damaged due to pollution and cars , I do hope that people will recognise how important our environment is , and will forget about using cars . Without any doubt it is the car industry which is mostly responsible for the damage made on earth . If people do n't stop polluting our environment , there wo n't be an earth left where we can life . And thirdly , cars are expensive . They are even so expensive that people can hardly afford them . And the cars industry is definetly not making cars to be good for the environment , but to make profit . And this situation is not about to change in the future . On the other hand , we need our cars . Without having a car your daily life will turn into chaos . We are completly depending on them if we want to go shopping , go to work or even if we want to go on holidays . The argument of people being lazy does support the idea of cars being part of human lives , even stronger . Nobody really wants to walk , if there is a change of driving to a place . Finally , a car is simply a symbol of wealth . Most people do own two or three expensive cars just to show that they , in contrast to others , can afford having expensive cars . As a conclusion , I am convinced that cars are helpful and will always be helpful in the future . But what consequences might there be if we do not reduce the use of them ?
(TUR,medium) The most common belief that is learning and educating is the most necessart things today 's world . Learning takes times and in that time there are several things that students should be careful about them . There are many ways to teach things to students . actually there can be a debate about which learning way is more significant for students . Understanding the ideas and concepts than to learn facts is more acceptable because of the fact that students shuold focus on gettings things in logical way in their brains , pay attention the solving problems and learning things in detail . The first reason why the understanding ideas and concepts are more important is to focus on getting things in logical ways . this is really important issue because while student try to learn facts they can ignore the main point which is estabilishing the logic set . moreover students should be involved into the subject . if they are get solved the main ideas and concept that can be more efficient for them . they should not waste their time by learning facts . The second reason is to pay attention problem solving . student can solve the problems or troubles that they face by understanding the ideas and the concept . If students focus on the facts than the main problem this is not a useful thing for them . problems should have the priority which is the first to solve . The third reason is to learn things in detail . this conditions happens only by understanding concept . if the student does not get the concept he \ she can not learn things in detail . furthermore to range things in detail needs understanding the whole concept except learning facts . In conclusion it is more significant for students to get known concepts than it is for them to learn facts . all the things were considered the final decision must be that the students should focus on detail and concept to get things done . It is more necessary for their education .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement `` it is more important to students to understand than it is for them to learn facts '' . As we can need some prior knowledge likeconstruction , working , advatages and disadavntages of a particular instrument to handle and operate a highly sophisticated instrument other wise it can cause either false results or some times it may also effect the working condition of the instrument . Not only in practicals but also in theory of various subjects like mathematics we require the basic concepts and ideas as without knowing the concept of right formula in right situation we never get an appropriate result . when we take an example of a medical student if he does n't know about the basic anatomical terms like superior , inferior , posterior , anterior , dorsal , ventral , superficicial , deeper , distal , proximal , phrenology , cardiology , heamatology , dermatology , like basic concepts are basics for understanding the physiology and also the pathological conditions of a particular part or organ . Coming to the pharmacy without having the basic knoledge about formulation we never develope a new formula where we need the concept of ingredients present in the formulation . In physics we never understand the how to solve a problem in force or work or power chaper until we have a basic knowledge of the concept of newton 's law of motion . Not in only in a particular subject like physic , chemistry , biology we need basics of the subject in every field . Even though it is easy to understand and remember the facts very easily than learning the the main ideas and concepts it is suggestable learn the basic ideas and concepts .
(TEL,high) To a large extent i agree that the best way to travel is in a group with a tour guide . Especially if you are visiting a new country or place where there could be a language problem then having a tour guide is very desirable . I would like to recount an experience i had when my parents and i had gone to australia on a vacation . Australia is a very beautiful country and i 'm fortunate to have visited . We went with a group of twenty people from different locations . All of us started off from a common meeting point . The advantages are that all our flight and hotel reservations were booked in advance so we did not have to bother about getting flight and hotel reservations . The tour guide is trained and are well equipped to solve any problems that arise in course of the journey . All local transport was arranged for in advance so getting from point to point is not a problem . An itenary of the places of interest that we would be visiting on a particular day is handed out so we know where we are going and what we are going to see . The disadvantages are that we have to follow a fixed itenary and cannot see or visit places not written in the itenary . The other thing is that different people have different tastes , some like visiting museums and places of historical interest while others like amusement parks . Irrespective of our likes or dislikes , we have to be together with the group . Since we visit as tourists , we donot get to see how day to day life is . Finally there is a possibility of not being able to get along with some of the group members . We have to be tolarant towards everyone in the group . I personally feel that the advantages of having a tour guide out weight the disadvantages . These choices are usually dependent on temperment ( s ) of individuals , people who are adventerous may prefer to plan vacations on their own while others may choose a path thats tried and tested .
(TUR,medium) In teaching of studends , there is always doubts and discussions about the teaching manner . Somebody think that for a student , it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than it is tor them to learn facts . My personal idea is that both sides should be learned by students . Firstly , the facts are the bases for the ideas and concepts . Ideas and concepts should be supported by facts , so that facts have to be learned as well . For example , a teacher should tell the story of Euclide in finding Euclide Theorem to the stuents . By this way , the student can think and imagine the conditions of the time that Euclide lived , and he can remember Euclide 's situation while he is working on a new concept or what did he worked on while finding the theorem . Unless knowing these sittuation , it is so har to use Euclide Theorem in anywhere . Thus , telling the story of Euclide make the lesson much enjoyable and funny to listen . Secondly , facts and ideas , concepts cannot be separated each other by the means of completition . These three elements are completing each other . An airplane designer cannot design a new wing concept unless knowing how the factors will be when the plane fly , in a snowy weather or cloudy weather etc . It is very hard to understad a subject without the facts is very hard for students . If you want to teach the results of World War II , you should tell the situations again . Knowing only where did France captured , where did Britain captured or which new countries are formed are all informations to be forgotten . You should tell where did these countries fighted , or why they are fighted for that , with facts , could be better to teach . As you can see , there is a lot of connections between ideas , concepts and facts . Facts cannot be separated by the other two . Teaching is a complete job and facts are supporting for ideas , concepts .
(ITA,medium) Learning facts has no meaning if it is not supported by the capabilities of understandings ideas and concepts . Therefore I would say that I agree with the statement . Whenever you are learning a `` fact '' , you are learning something which has already been stated . What is most important about facts are the ideas and the concepts that brought to that fact . For example , talking about history , it is easy to learn so many facts about the French Revolution that whenever someone will question you , you will be able to answer with dates , bottles , names etc but if you do not understand the historical background you wo n't be able to understand how much the ideas and concepts developing at that time influenced the beginning of the French Revolution . Another example could be better set by phylosophy , phylosophy is such a complex matter that just knowing the facts means nothing . What makes philosophy so interesting is the flow of ideas and concepts that we are still using everyday . We are not using facts . Even when talking about political problems , for example , we can not only report the facts we have to support the facts with the ideas and concepts that created those facts . It does not matter the course someone is attending , the key point is to understand the ideas and concepts and then it will be easier to remember and talking about facts .
(FRE,high) Many people think that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . After weighing the pros and cons , I will argue in favour of this opinion . First of all , I believe it is necessary to mention the main purpose of an advertisement : it is used to sell a product . In that way , the advertisement has to be original , that is what I personally think , colorful to involve people to pay attention to it and to the product , and sometimes humouristic . Today , there are a lot of agencies which create advertisements . Thanks to the development of computer , the agencies can use new efficient techniques to launch an attractive ad . But they do not care about the truth ... Secondly , the message said in the advertisement is also very important . For instance , agencies try to prove that without this product you can no longer live ! You must absolutely buy it ! They also aim to prove with a well-invented sentence that the product is not expensive when referring to its incredible advantages ! A message that I really hate is the following : `` More white than white '' . Naturally it is used to describe the effect of a powder . I can not help thinking that such an ad is a lie . In this case , the advertisement makes the product much better than it really is ... I find useful to underline that a great number of `` discount products '' in supermarkets have a very good taste , for instance , and yet have not necessary been the object of an ad . After closely examining the abose arguments , it is clear that I do not agree with everything created by advertising agencies . Yes they have to develop a good image of the product , but unfortunately , it goes too far . I like watching ads on TV or even in the street , but I always be reluctant to buy products whom ad seems to exagerate .
(HIN,medium) Enjoyment is not age or time bounded . Its way of living joyfully , giving our best effort to life and extract whatever possible we can draw from life to make everyone around us happy . In different age everyone has his own way to enjoy life , so i disagree with topic that young people enjoy life more than old people do How we define enjoyment , for young people riding bike at high speed , late night parties , rock climbing and other adventur sports , movies , drinks can be way to enjoy life , on other extreme of life basking at the beach , holding hand oh life partener and walking on send , memmorising the old days with photo albums can be way to enjoy life . The ways used by young people to enjoy life can be abhor by old people , and the path adopted by old people to enjoy life can be dull and monotonus for young guys . A young guy may enjoy to see a person sliped on wet ground , a old person may enjoy giving hand to guy on fell the road . Enjoyment of young people are mostly extravagent show , full of materialism , lewdfullness , levish parties that all show the adrenaline running in their vessels , it also lighten the impatince bound with the age concern , on other side enjoyment of geriatric person solemnly starts and and in spiritualism . so i conclude my words by saying that both extreme of life has there own way to enjoy the life and that cant be compare with the age .
(JPN,medium) I truely believe that this depends on the age of students . At earlier stage , students are not able to understand things as much as older student can comprehend by themselves with only factors . In this sense , the younger need to learn how things work at their early stage and as they go through experiences , they should be trained to find keys from only facts using the experiences so that , they will not make mistakes . For one thing that my opinion is split on this topic is that I remember those days back in my childhood , I could not understand why my parents were so strict about watching T.V . It looked perfectly fine by me since you can gain knowledge by watching T.V and best of all , you get to talk with others about the Show you watched last night and `` socialize '' with them . Now that I 'm all grown up , I can clearly understand that if you watch T.V too much , there is a good chance that you might get a weak sight or sickness from being inside too much . This tells me that You are not capable of understanding ideas and concepts all by yourselfe when you are little . As you grow up , you realize that there are so many facts that you w
(KOR,low) Many of people prefer to know only facts of something such as painting which is drown . I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts . There is some of reason . First of all , it is to look only surface of stiffs . Second , It is not impossible to improve their ideas . I will descirbe the reason . Firt of all . it is to look only surface of stiffs . For example , when I went to museum , I saw a lot of person who was seeing the painting quckly . I think that they did not see ideas and concepts of painting . They only see some artist 's original paintings and do not need feeling about the painting . Second , it is not impossible to improve their ideas . For example , When I studied math in high school , I only memorised the math 's list and rules . So I could solve the math problems , but later I forgot all of the math . If I reconiged the idea and concept of the math , I should have memorized the method to solve the math . I do not like to know only facts . It is to disgard to learn a lot of things . First , It is to look only surface of stiffs . second , It is not impoossible to improve their ideas to facts . So when I go to musuem or exhibition with my children . I will take time for long time to see the paings or someting because of thinking about the things to understand ide
(TUR,medium) I can say that aproximately twenty years afrer today there will not be more cars in use than they are in use today . In the technologic world everything started to be more easy . The engineers work in order to make more suitable world for people . And everybody knows that the cars are one of the major reasons for the pollutions . Beside pollution they are serious threat for the traffic crowd . In my opinion after a few decades They will be fewer cars in use . Subways will be established everywhere . It has already been using in most of the places in the world and it will be the easiest transition in the cities . It started to be used more than cars in some of the cities which are very big and very crowded . The people who live in big cities got used to use the subways but in smaller cities there are still many people who have never seen subways before because they are not aware of this easy transporting machine they maintain to love their cars and use them . I believe that when their cities are started to enlarge and when they will get red of the crowds they will want to use someting else which is much easier . Moreover not only the subways but also some other vehicles will be using after a few decades such as bycyles . There will be special roads for the many people will be more happy than they are today because they will be more healtier . They will go to closer places by using them . Ofcouse there will be still cars on the roads and somebody will continue to use them but in my opinion it will be fewer cars than today because the new generation is more conscious than we are today . They will find better solutions because they will be aware of the world 's beauties .
(KOR,high) Some peopel say that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . However , I disagree with the statement because I have felt that facts can automatically teach ideas and concepts in many situations . In history and chemistry class , the learned that I was able to learn complex ideas and concepts by simply learning facts . In my history class , U.S. History 1 Honors , understanding the flow of events is as important , or more , as memorizing tons of factual informations . When I took the course 's first test in the beginning of the semaster , expecting their to be only factual and straightfoward questions , I was amazed that how many ideas , concepts , and abstract questions appeared on the test . For upcoming tests , I tried to understand all these idea questions by asking myself questions like `` why did this happen ? '' or `` why did this person tried to accomplish this ? '' However , I found myself often lost and getting these types of questions wrong on the tests . Then , I figured out a new way to get around this problem . It was just to memorize more and more facts ! By knowing a lot of facts that have happened , I was able to gather all these informations and draw conclusions out of these facts . Then , I was able to answer the troubling idea and concept question more accurately , and I started to understand the history as whole . In addition , my chemistry class seemed like a pure essence of ideas and concepts in the beginning . The class required me to understand these abstract ideas like balacing chemcal equations or figuring out proper atomic masses . First , I was entirely lost and unable to learn how to solve these problems because I just could not understance the concept of it . The teacher tried to help me out by re-explaning these thoughts and ideas over and over again , and I still needed more help . Then , it was factual examples which really helped me to get these . By looking at how the teacher and my friends solving these problems , I just learned what to do when problems approach to me . I immitated their ways of solving problems , and I was able to solve any chemistry problem on my own . This really made me think that learning factual process is as important as understanding the concept . Thus , it is more important for students to learn facts than it is for them to understand ideas and concepts . Of course , ideas and concepts are ultimate goals the students to achieve in school . However , before they try to reach it , they really should learn factual informations enough first . In that way , The students will feel much easier to understand the concepts . Therefore , learning facts in firsthand is more important than understanding ideas for students .
(TUR,high) It is obvious that people have more energy and desire in the earlier times of their lives , however this does not indicate that young people would enjoy life more than older people do . I think that it is possible to enjoy life at all ages , provided that we keep our spirits and minds contemporary and young . Most people say that there are certain things that can only be done when we are young . For instance , extreme sports , partying late hours , eating excessively or even falling in love . I agree the fact that there are certain activities that we can not perform after a certain age , nevertheless I believe that it is not only a matter of activities that keep us young but it is the state of mind we are in . Basically , I think that there are different joys people get from life when they are young and old . When we are young , we search for the unconventional , unfundamental and extraordinary and we can go for it no matter what . As we get older , we begin to think of the results , effects and evaluate situations more carefully . These are the different levels of joy that we can get when we are young and old . Youth brings along lots of energy , excitement and desire to reach the unknown and accomplish the undone . This has a certain joy factor , but only as long as we are young . Trying to act such cluelessly in older times may lead us to alienment from life and society because we have more responsibilities as we grow older . Even though our responsibilities increase and we may be limited by the society as we get older , I do not think that we would be enjoying life less . If we could accept getting old and adopt ourselves to the changing environment , we can always enjoy life because there is an endless energy in life , we only need to capture it and connect with it . No matter how large the numbers get on our age , we always have the opportunity to enjoy life if we have the energy and the mentality to do so . Being dynamic and having a loving and caring family and friends that connect us to life would always enable us to enjoy life at all ages .
(HIN,high) I agree to have a speicalized knowledge on a specific subject rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . According to me , when a child is brought in a school and later to higher secondary school , he is taught all academic subjects which will lead him to a better understanding of this world . After attending the school , a student has a broad perspect of different subject knowledge with him . Now a student is capable of using his knowledge which leads to exploration of new ideas in his mind and setting a specific goal of his life . The student thinks of a particular subject as his interest . He develops a penchant for a particular subject . It is in the interest of a student that he works for a specific subject because he will be a adroit and astute student of that subject . A student therefore plans for his Masters in that subject . He turns out to be a appropriate person for that specialized subject . He later on joins research on that subject and he achieve his goal . According to me , nobody in this world has capability to master every subject in this world . Even scientists like Galileo , Einstein , Newton , etc. had their own interest and specialization which led to different discoveries in this world . It implies that if everybody in this world have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects then world would be a boring place to stay . There would be no innovation around and it would be tasteless . The versatility of this world would end at its very early age . There a so many living examples who has supported the idea of having a specialized knowledge on a specific subject . From Sports to politics , Businessman to Adventurers , there so many people who lives their life for their dreams and their goals . One of the best living example of my time is Mr. Amitabh Bachchan . Amitabh bachchan is an actor of Bollywood Industry . He has did his Bachelor in Arts and joined Bollywood Industry . Recently , he has been awarded with the Bachelors of Performing Arts . The ectasy which Amitabh bachchan would be having after achieving this degree would be immeasurable . I support specialization on specific subject because its brings you immense happiness when you fulfill your goal of that subject . Considering sports on the other hand , football legends like ronaldo , pele , ronaldinho have specialised in their skills and therefore they are at the peak of their career . I would conclude by writing that specialization on a specific subject needs high interest in it and hard work to achieve the goals . A person would achieve more fruitful if he is specialized in a specific subject than a person have a mere broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
(FRE,medium) Young and elder people have different ways of enjoying life . In fact , some enterainment are specific to your age . For instance , sports well illustrates that difference between generations . So , with respects to those differences , do young people enjoy life more than older people do ? According to me , young people enjoy life more tha older people do . First , I think that contrary to older people , young people do not have any physical limit . They can enjoy life in any conditions , compare with older people , young people do not have any limitations considering their activity . They can play any sport , they can run . When you are young , your body is still a place to discover and to grow playing sport or doing any physical activity . On the contrary , for many older persons , any activity needs a long preparation , for instance shopping or even just walking . So I think that in those conditions , young people enjoy life more than older people do . Second , when you are young , you know nothing , you are curious . It means that during your youthness , life is an extraordinary place to discover through relationships , knowledges , travels , cultures , etc . Everything is new for you : people , love countries , language . Though , when you are young , you cannot be messed up . Each experience is a new one . On the contrary , I think that when you are older , life is hardly a daily surprise and , by the way , easily becomes a routine . It s harder to meet new people , traveling becomes difficult . So , that is to say , that young people have to take advantage of their youthness . According to me , we are young only once in our entire life that is why young people do have to enjoy their life more than older people have alrea
(FRE,high) Technology progress has changed the world physically but also , and above all , mentally . Whereas in the past helping their community was a priority for young people , I think that this trend is progressively disappearing and that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . Because the progress has made that people are not `` forced '' to live together anymore , because the world they now live in is more individual , and eventually because the new world they live in does not fit with trhe conception of a community . In a non so distant past , people used to spend most of their lives where they were born . Indeed , good transportation systems were not yet developped and it was a lot more difficult than today for young people to move from their home . Then people really lived together a good part of their lives and I think they were by consequence closer to the others than today . Emotional and physical links between people were stronger and this led naturally young people to give time to the community . Nowadays nothing ` forces ' young people to really belong to a community , they can move easily thanks to technological progress and do not need the others to simply live . I think that is why they do not develop and feel this notion of community and then do not dedicate enough time to it . Moreover , this development of technologies contributes to create a more individual world in which all that could bring a community is available : knowledge , entertainment , etc ... Everything is possible alone and then young people do not need anymore the help of a community . For instance , they can play games on the computer alone , whereas before the only way to distract was to play with the other children of the community . This makes that they will less focus on the community . And finally , the world young people live in today , is a world tending to make confused the notion of community . Now young people have contact with any part of the world they want , people are not separated anymore , are not `` stuck '' anymore into communities , they can discover other communities and this opening of the mind maybe leads to make looser the attachment to a community . The world in which young people live in today is more complex , individual , and open on the rest of the world . those three factors contribute to the `` loss of interest '' fro ; younf
(CHI,medium) Most advertisemetns make products for many reasons . They want to sell their products to earn their money and many people have the experience that when you bought something home and realized that are not useful just like what it appeared in a advertisement . In my opinion , I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better thatn they really are . The purpose of dvertisements is to make their products to be bought . They want to sell their products . Therefore , they need to urge customers to buy . They will use everything to urge you to buy their products . Althought it looks not good to eat , advertisements will use the pictures or sounds to let it look like delicious . Then , advertisements use people 's desire to sell their product . For example , a advertisement which a hot model hold a diet drink will make many women to buy , because they want to be a hot model . But , in fact , you ca n't just drink the diet beverage and become the hot model . Advertisements use that idea to sell their products althought the diet drink are not really working like that way . Finally , advertisements only show the merit of products . Advertisers want to sell their products , so they exploit the fallacy of a products . They only show the good site of their products . For example , we can see a lot of televsion food advertisements on the television . they only tell you how delicious they are , but they have never told you that how you really tasted . They make you see the good parts of products , and you go to buy it , then their goal is achieved . Because many reasons which they sell their products make the real products are not as the same as they look like in dvertisements . They can be based on the purpose to sell , the use of your desire , and showing the good part to persuade you to buy their products . Therefore , i believe that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are .
(GER,medium) The question of whether young people spend enough time to help their communities is a difficult one and needs to be discussed . To answer this question , I want to compare some arguments which do not support the statement to some arguments which do support it . After this , I will reach the decision that I agree with the statement . People , especially younger ones , have to handle growing time restrictions in different places and situations . Young people need time to play when they are childreen , they have specific problems while becoming adults and there is more and more pressure on younger people to finish their education as early as possible . As one might argue , this leads to the fact that younger people do spend enough time on helping their communities . Or it leads to the opinion that young people waste time while doing a year of community service like it is made in Germany . But this view only focuses on economic points and does not take into account that the community we live in does not only consists of work and money , but of help , friendship , respect , and other values we do not want to miss . As our relationships get more and more economised it is very important to remember that not everybody is `` good '' enough to get money and that some people need help . Because everybody could face problems which one cannot solve alone , younger people should be teached how important it is to help others and , thereby , help the community they live in . Elderly people , for example , often need help in many different ways . Since some elderly people cannot afford to pay for somebody helping them , younger people should do community service to get a feeling for the kind of problems elderly people face . Younger people will sooner or later face the same problems as they grow older and at one point need help for their own . This is called the `` generations contract '' in Germany : Younger people help elderly . To summarise , I agree with the statement because everzbody could need help .
(KOR,medium) I think that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in 20 years . There are three reasons suppoting my opinion . First , many scientists take researches to invent another moving methods . Foe example , flying vehicle can appear in near future because the speed of scientific progression is very fast . Using this vehicle , we are free from the traffic jam and can move quicker than before from our home to our working place . As time goes by , car may be diappeared on the earth . Second , we can contact easily through Internet-based commucation system . We do n't need to go to our company with car or something . Exchanging e-mail and joining team-committe through telephone , we can check our work with our co-workers . Now , we are not controlled by distance when we have a meeting . This is due to on-l ne Lastly , people concerns seriously their health . In modern life , there are no time to excercise because we are very busy . We have to work overtime , take care for our chidren and build up social-relationship . So , we can use commuting time effectively for our good health . Instead of driving , we can ride a bicycle and jog to our work . In my company , one of my seniors ride a bicycle everyday from his home to work . He is in a good shape and play well tennis and basketball . This activity could be help to boost out health condition up .
(ARA,medium) I think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one subject . First of all it is true that you have to have many academic than one specific subject , because if you only have one specific subject you might get bored and you wo n't get well on it , But if you have many academic subjects if you are bored on that you can go to the next one . So in my point of view it is better to have many academic subjects . If you have many academic subjects you can learn lots of things that you might not hear of it , and give chances to people that have n't heard or know about it . Or one day you can have your own job and you thought of helping people to learn somehting new that they have n't heard about it . I think broad knowledge is what you need in your life without it you wo n't learn something new . if you learnt one specific subject it wont be fun because in the other subjects there are something new that you have n't knew about it . for example in your specific subject you choosed Maths but you really liked History and you really wanted to know something in the past what will you do ? so in my point of view it is better to have many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . Broad knowledge can be fun by learning something new or they might tell you to go abroad and experience something that they have told you , it will be fun because your in abroad and you will learn something on your own . so in my opinion go for the many academic subjects , believe me you will learn something new that you have n't learned .
(HIN,high) The statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' is a very interesting one & at the same time a really controversial one to say . It is interesting because this is a statement about two different age groups & controversial because enjoying life may be different for a old person compared to a young person . I disagree to this statement because I think enjoyment is different for different people . It is a personal feeling which does not only vary with age but also varies with each indivisual . Maybe for someone partying will seem enjoyment and for someone else camping will be good enough to feel happy . There are a lot of people whom we come across , who are old but still enjoy life as much as a young person . It may seem that for a grown up person life becomes very complex , but it is no different for a young person as he/she also get to know about the complexities of life while they are growing up . It is not easy for them to face the challenges that life presents them everyday . Life has never been easy for anyone and never will be . Everyone has their own issues . No one in this world is perfect . I feel different people have different yardsticks to measure happiness . Enjoyment comes to you when you feel happy and satisfied and are not regretting any decision you have made . Even if you have done something regretfull you should try to make up for it and be upto the task of facing the consequences . This gives immense satisfaction to the mind . To conclude I would say that it is not your age which determines enjoyment but you yourself and how possitive you are about life . So just be possitive , work hard and enjoyment will follow you .
(FRE,medium) When the Education 's reforms hit the headline of the newspapers it is a strenous effort to know if it is more important for the young student to learn facts or understand ideas and concepts . with the benefit of insight , I suppose both have advantages and you can not separate one from the other . On the one hand , the schoolchildreen have to learn fact in oder to make their meaning to understand complex situation as the die and the birth . You could not have the possibility to write or to tell something without vocabulary or idea wich you learn in your youth . There are four steps in the developement of the childreen , and you do not become an adult if you do not learn specifics facts in this steps . On the other hand , you do not spend all the times of your life in learnning facts . In previous years after your schoolyears you will not learn some facts but only understand ideas and concepts in order to analyse them , and discover a solution . For example a searcher in an institute of medecine , had spent time in books to learn facts as a student . But , when he take time on fundamental experience like research on A.I.D's virus he spend more time to understand it complex structure than learn about the fact he exist . to put in a nutshell , the student and te adult when they are not student spend time in undestand ideas and concepts and learn facts . On the whole , I am firmly convinced that all the time in your life you learn and trie to understand concepts or informations . Owing to world change evryday at evrytime . you have to focus on all informations if you want to do not be drop out the society .
(SPA,high) Nowadays , the used of cars is widely spread aroud the world . Never the less , it is differently distributed depending on the caracteristic of the coutries , and on the level of development . Some governments are trying to desentivate the use of cars because of pollution , and even to precent accidents . In addition , some people are looking for other kinds of less expensive ways of transportation , taking into account the increase of oil prizes . It is very hard to say though , that these governmental and particular initiatives are going to be the same in all the countries and that are going to have the same consequences . In Europe , with small countries , where there is not enough space , where the cities are crowded and very near to other one , it is relatevily easy to make public policy to decentivate the use of cars . Indeed sinde the 70's , after the first oil boom , the use of cars , or big cars have decreased . Governmets promote the use of trains and subways on the main cities . The space and parking problem in the biggest cities is another reason why people can prefer more are more to use public transportation rather than cars . In Europe , it is very common to see more and more during the warm seasons the use to bicycles not only to go to college , but also to go to work . And governments incetivating these kinds of solutions by building bicycles roads . On the other hand , in places sucn as the United States where the biggest part of the cities are widespread on a several number of kilometers despite their small size , it could be very hard to desincentivate the use of cars even with public policies . Indeed , only big metropoles such as New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , could easily respond to policies such as those made in Europe . The traffic is soo messy , and the space so reduce , that in twenty years it would be natural to use fewer cars . However , in smaller and spred cities , the use of cars is essential . They do n't face the same problems of space , parking , and pollution of the big metropoles . Their problem is more about distance , and about oil . One fact that could really reduce then the number of cars in those places is to face oil scarce and therefore a huge prize raising . And facing this problem , public policy could be not enough to solve the problem , since those cities are made to ride on a car . To summarize The use of cars in twenty years can be very different depending on the economic situation of the worl in that moment and on the oil prizes .
(ARA,low) Im interested in this statement . I agree to have knowledge of many subjects becouse its help us to be more sucssesful in our accademic study . For exammple , i prefar to specializes in public relation which is help me in my personal life , how to treat with author people . I think If we learn many subjects , it gives us more confedince and sucsses . although , learning more subjects gives us a huge knowledge which is make me sucssesfu in my study . If i sucssed in my study , i will start my own buisness . first iwill make some mony by working in a company and then i
(JPN,medium) As the touring company is more popular resently , the students in the school , some communities and some groups of families go on trip with a tour guide . I agree with the passage , `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' I will give following two reasons why trip with the tour guide is best way . In the first , tourists can deepen the knowledge of the place where they trip by the tour guide . Most tourists is not fammilier with the place ; they do n't know about the language people speaks and history , what manner and behaivor people respects and so on . Therefore , tourists is necessary to inform tourists what intresting there are ; as a result , they have fun in the place . Next , tourists needs the tour guide who leads there . They may lose their way , and be in troble with the paticular language and culture . For example , American childreen who go to Singapore recieved a heavy panishment in order to not follow the rule there : they throw their gum in the public place . If a tourist was along with them and teach Singapore 's rule to them , they would n't be in the troble there . Therefore , the best way to travel is group led by tour guide in which tourists should have fun the travel in a patucular place . They can learn about the place more and do n't in trouble term of the tour guide .
(ARA,medium) `` Knowing little about many things or knowing more about less things '' is a question that we face many times in our life . The explosion of knowledge in incresing number of knolege fields make this question more provocative . I think that answering this question is affected by expected gains of each answer as well as the personality of the individual to answer . The life experience and career of a person can support one answer and undermine the other answer . Speciality is a relative concept in this case . Any career needs a certain degree of speciality in these days . You can not go to any field without having the necessary knowledge and skills , as well as attitudes , that compromise such field . I think that the question is related to the level of speciality that one needs . In other words how deep we need to go in the field of speciality . Another level of the issue is about wether this will isolte us from other fields , i.e ignoring horizental knowledge . As a social worker , I think it is more empowering for me in my work and life to be of broad knowledge . Having broad knowledge will facilite my communication with different types of clients . When the client feels yuo share with him or her a language he or she will build trust and feel nearer to you . Another reason for that stems from the ability of understding the environment of the case that may include different types of knowledge . This will save you from going every time to somebody to help you . Another point that makes me oppose ignoring broad knowledge for the sake of more specializing is related to the personality of an individual . I think people who like to grow vertically in knowlege ignoring horizental growth will end up socially isolated wether they like or not . In general , I am with reasonable richness in horizental knowled
(TEL,high) I strongly disagree with the notion that having a broad knowledge of many subjects is better than specializing in one . I feel that in today 's world , where competition for jobs is increasing , one who specializes in a particular field is the one who stands out in the crowd of men and women who have a knowledge of many subjects . Also , the person becomes passionate about the subject that he decides to specialize in and that gives him enormous satisfaction . Great personalities testify the fact that specializing in one field always the better option . Da Vinci , one of the most famous artists of all times was also an accomplished physicist . Although he had no formal education in the field , he had a great wealth of knowledge about it . However , this was detrimental to him in a way as he always used to think of his paintings in a scientific way rather than a purely artistic one . So although he created masterpieces , he left many more projects unfinished as he felt that those projects were lacking in some detail scientifically . For example , he thought that a painting should contain no element of ethreal fantasy and that it must obey the laws of physics . In this way , his choice was limited and he did not access his full potential . Had he been a little less rigid in his principles , we would have seen many more of his wonderful works . Another example would be my uncle who switched his majors no less than four times while doing his undergraduation . When he tried to get a good job in one of the fields he had studied , he found none . To his dismay , he discovered that each of the jobs needed an extensive knowledge on the subject , a specialisation of some kind . After the incident , he finally settled for medicine and went to graduate school . He specialized in Nephrology and needless to say , is a successful surgeon now . In conclusion I strongly feel that being a jack of all trades and master of none diffuses one 's talents and prevents one from reaching the highest potential . An individual can carve a niche for himself in the world if he has his own identity , in this case , the one subject he takes up and specializes in .
(TUR,medium) Most people adopt that it is not more proper to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . However , in my opinion , specializing one specific subject is worse than the previous one because broader knowledge about lots of the topics leads more confidentality to owners and it also provides bigger perpectives to owners . First of all , I can say that the person who knows lots of information abouts lots of the topics trusts him or herself more than anyone who emphasizes the importance of the specification . In my previous holiday , I witnessed that the man who has the an essential authority in one of the famous bank were talking about the Turkey 's current social and economic situations . At that time , I felt that the woman who was opposite to the bank manager looked like more self-confidental . Because the bank manager can only have knowledge about economic conditions , he did not talk about anymore about topics that were not related to financial situation . Secondly , obtaining as much as possible informations about every subject can lead to broader perspective . However it is also important to mention that hearing an unimportant sides of the subjects will not be adequate for claiming some critisism . More extended view will also be benefical in the enhacement process . In all dimensions of our life , we usually encountered with that reality . In our last lecture in my school , I saw that the Japan girl who is reading a lot and gaining lots of information have broader perspective than any Turkish . In conclusion , both specializing on one subject and having broad knowledge about many academic subjects have some advantages and drawbacks . Significant point is to association between these concepts and balance between two . It can be proved with is
(ARA,medium) This topic has a two way answer . Mankind has alway 's been known to thrive above any species . Man has always been the dominating factor in this life . When a man is successful , he could have anything he wants . Some people are afraid when it comes to taking risk 's , because it might jeapordise their current financial position . Some successful people like to try new thing 's because it would be an adventure , it would be fun and it might just ` work ' . A person should only take the risk if he feels that he is one hundred percent sure that its fool proof , by saying this word i am contradicting the word ` risk ' , which is why a person can never be too careful . Although taking a risk may seem breath-taking , it sometimes is devestative , one small risk could send a person down in flame 's , sending him to the abyss if he is not too careful . If i were a successful person i would like to experiment , take my chances , live life while im still alive , embrace failure as i would success . Although disagreeing with the statement would sound more reasonable , I 'd like to agree with it , a time will come when a person is going to have to take a risk , be it a big one or a small one .
(TEL,medium) young people is the most impartent for society . they can work hard and bring a great improvement of the nation . they work nard and enjoyed a lot . so , i agree for the above statement `` young people enjoy life more than older peple do '' from the improvement of technology , the young people have so many enjoying things . from the modern culture and modern technology they improved a lot and enjoyed a lot . by the improving technology the people also changed a lot . now in days the young people enjoyed a lot because now we have good technology . by the improving technology the people enjoy a lot . the young people have to spend more time in reserching centers , computer centres for improving a lot . some young people enjoyed a lot with these works . in the modern technology peoples are working hard . for the relaxation they go to any enjoy places and spend some releif time . by this enjoying some young people spoil their life nd did not take care about their futures . some people are dodnot understand to other people . but some peoples behavior like this . older people did not have any technologies compared to now , they did not enjoyed . because in their days , they dont have good technologies and always tried to do hard work . they did not intrest to enjoying . so , i conclude that young people enjoyed their life with modern culture and modern technology compared to older people
(JPN,low) I completely disagree to the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are for 3 reasons . First , I often see many products written `` No Fat '' or `` No Chemical '' on the paccages . When I bought some pack of yogult written `` No Fat '' on their paccages and ate one of them , I felt that it was too sweet to eat and it must contain fat . Second , the advertisements want to increase benefit . If they put some words that fascinate consumers on their products , the consumers would buy them ; even though , those words are actually not real . Especially for the consumers who are interested in health or environment . Finally , many consumers always try to buy better products . The advertisements know that , so they put fascinative words on the paccage . These are because that I think the advertisements do n't make better products than they really are . I want to them to make the believable products .
(TEL,high) Travelling is only fun when I have the freedom to do whatever I want . So I disagree with a statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' . Travelling in a group with a tour guide poses problems like following a schedule and following suit . First and foremost , I travel to visit and experience places first hand to visualize beauty in my own way . A tour guide will not only force me to view the sites through his eyes but also hinder my experience and impose other unnecessary constaints like time and schedule requirements . The tour guide will be barking orders and giving all sorts of information that I will hear from one ear and forget it from the other . I would like to take my own time when watching the breathtaking Niagara Falls or the mind-blowing Egyptian Spinx . Group travelling will force me to do the same activities others are doing and so , will not allow me some time on my own . I would be very disturbed with my loss of command over myself . I would like to be my own boss and do things my own way . Just because 10 people want to visit the Eiffel Tower for the second time does n't mean that I would waste my oppurtunity to appreciate the Romantic art at the Louvre . I am just one of those people who love working and doing stuff outside a group . In conclusion , a travelling group with a tour guide is a bad choice according to me . I would lose my independence of thoughts and my control of choices . I would rather voyage in peace and serenity without all the fuss of a group .
(CHI,medium) In our daily life , more and more entermaint place comes up , most of them are for young people . So there is a debate also coming up we have to face . Young people enjoy life more than older people do , is it true ? I have answer already . In fact , when a youny adult and an old man choise the way to enjoy their lives , there is something different between them . The young people have enough energy to play , and even more some sports games with risks , like skatting . It is a pity that old people have not such energy to play crazily as the same as young adults . They can not drink too much because their livers are easily hurt by alchol than young guys . What 's more , in many aspects , old men are not able to enjoy like young ones . I believed , when many people were young , some gamble things often happened in our life . With the time flying , less and less risks would be taken when we are becoming older . I think the reason why that can happen is that the passion is lost with the ages . I think sometimes , the gamble things can bring us more passion and more happiness . Unforturnetly , the old people does not think so . They think safety is more important than anything , which makes things faint . In morden today , more and more entertamant place are designed for young people . why ? Because the wise companies catch the chance to attract young people , not older people , which represents young people can bring more economic development for the society than older people . That 's also why young people enjoy life more than older people do . There are abound life for young guys . In a word , I agree about that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Whatever any aspects , young guys can feel more happiness than older ones as the result of having a more younger heart .
(CHI,high) I agree with the statement that successful people have more brave to take risks than they is doing the same thing all the time . Personally , people want to be successful . They should have creative ideas in nowadays . The fact is that trying to face challenge and establish their own idea can help people boost their business easier and enjoy the ideal life . To begin with , trying news things and taking risks make it posssible for people to boost their own business . There is no doubt that the world is changing all the time . If people still stick to so what they already know , it is almost impossible to make a living in the competition of the market today . Through creativity and challenge , people can amass riches much more easier . For example , Bill Gaze are not graduated at Harvard Univerity . However , he becomes one of the richest people in the world . What assist him to be successful is an important issue to discuss . He uses his own ideas and has brave to take risks to build up Microsoft which allows everyone to immerse in the digital world . Whithout his creativity and spirit , people can not enjoy the convieient life . In addition , creation and challenge make it possible for people to enjoy the ideal life . Doubtless , people try to invent new things in the world . Without people 's new idea , others ca n't enjoy their life all the time . For example , some artist and composers try to create new style paintings and poems , although during the time people do n't think their work are masterpieces . However , many names of Van Gogh and Shakespears are foever engraved in people 's collective memory . It allows people today to read their meaning fulpoems and paintings . Without their brave and trying to do new things , we can not enjoy the ideal life and see their masterpieces . To sum up , some people would rather to keep their traditional idea and do the same thing all the time . However , I choose differently . The reason is that risks and trying new things make people more sucessfully .
(JPN,high) Although the act of trying new things might be accompanied with a risk , most successful people are using every new oppotunities as the chance . Working on the thing that they already know how to do well is boring and uninteresting . People have to face the challenge in order to be successful in their lives . I leaned this through reading the play called The Raisin in the Sun and from my experience of moving to the U.S. and trying new things . In the play , The Raisin in the Sun , one of the characters in the book , Walter , tries to pursue his dream of starting his own buisiness . Despite the opposition from his family members and social unacceptance , he tried his best to grant his dream . In the book , he said that successful person is the one that takes a risk and that he wants to do the same with his father 's insurance money . Although he failed to make his dream come true , I thought that trying new things is certainly the one factor to be successful . It is lot better than just doing things that does not interest a person and even if he fails to use the chance , he still leans something that he could not have gained if he was working in the same , mundane situation . When I was in Middle School , I was tired of the boring classroom of ELD classes that I have spent most of my middle school years in . Everyday , the class did the same thing over and over again . Although I was eager to get out of ELD program , I did not have a courage to lean in completely different situation with people who can speak English fluently and without help of a dictionary . But one day , I was told by my teacher that I am eligible to get out of the ELD class . I was excited but anxious at the same time ; I even thought about staying in the same class with my friends . However , I chose to take a risk and decided to take classes with native speaking students . Although I had hard time adjusting to new environment and making new friends , I do not regret making that decision and I think that my experience will be useful in future . The play that I read in the past and my experience of taking risk make me think that successful people are the people who try new things and the people that are not afraind of taking risk . Doing same things lower people 's motivation and it does not do any good to them .
(SPA,high) It would really depend on how much time I have to make the trip . If I had more than two weeks to travel trough a city or two I would rather prefer to travel on my own and follow my own pace too , and more likely if it was a Historic city of the European Union . If I had to do a fast tour through several cities in a short time , I would prefer to have a guide , so he or she could show me the most significative places to be seen in each city and I would not feel I missed the most important things . Other good thing about guides is that they usually are very familiar to the place and its history , they know the little details , shops , stories , costumes and typical food every visitor has to try at least once to get to say they actually been there . Maybe there wo n't be much time left to wander around looking at the arquitecture or the landscape furthermore than what the guide has already scheduled , besides there is always a great number of persons within the same group of tourists , taking pictures and asking questions all the time , so the tour can turn into a stressing race against time . I would really prefer to travel on my own with plenty on time , but who would n't ? Unfortunately that is not always possible . It is always nicer to walk looking around at the same time , steping by little shops and cafes , talking to people , asking for directions , going to the places you choose to go to and discovering everything on your own . I think that is the travel ideal for many of us , but we usually have a hard time on finding the time to do it that way , and instead make plans with too many destinations all at once in a small schedule .
(KOR,medium) Everyone has different opinion on whether traveling in a group that is led by a tour guide or by ownself . It depends on individual people 's various point of view . However in my perspective , traveling in a group give more advantageous to me . Because , it is convenient and easy to understand the country . First of all , people can visit all the place with out any difficulties . Of course it would be more interesting and advantureous to be travel by ownself , however traveling in a group give more profit to people . In my personal experience , when I tralved alone to Australia , I had a trouble with the visiting tourism place , Because I lost my self in the middle of the town , so I faced difficulties looking for the place . Moreover , I spend about two hours looking for a information center . If I had a tour guide , I would had a wonderful vacation in Australia visiting many fun place , instead of wasting time on the road . Secondly , people can understand and the country easily . Although , peopl traveling without tour guide can also understand the culture and country , however , I believe it is more beneficial to have a tour guide . When my mother and father traveled to the New Zealand , they found so many interesting thing from there , because the guide translated all the information that they visited and also , telling story that is relevent to the event or history . Therefore my parents could understand the cuture and also some traditional story with out difficulties . Thus , people , like my parents who can not speak the language that they are visited , can also learnt about the countrey with out any trouble . In conclusion , for these reasons that I have mentioned above , eventhough , traveling arund the country with tourt guide might be more memorable and more fun , I think however leding guide i more advantagous to me . No on can deny the importance of these assets .
(CHI,medium) In a modern society , people always face the dilemma to believe whether advertisements make products seem much better than they really are or not . The problem is the much debated one in that it affects everybody in their daily lives . People may prefer one to another , some may have no ideas about it at all . Before rendering my opinion , I think it is necessary to take a glance at the arguments of both sides . It is quite easy for average people to believe that most advertisements make products not seem much better than they really are . But at a mean time , althought believeing most advertisements make products not seem much better than they rally are has some advertages , it also has many drawbacks , such as they miss the real good products . Therefore we have no complete evidence to suggest that Most advertisements make products not seem much better than they really are . What is more , the innate quality of most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , is ofter underestimated ; in other words , if you notice the invisible benefits of most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Here I would explain a few of the most important reasons . The main reason why people believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are is that Because of buying to many pool quality products , people do n't believe advertisements any more . For example , my mother saw a very good make-up in the advertisements , then she brought it as a high price . But it was n't good as it says in the advertisements . In addition , the further reason why I admir it is that the you feel some advertisements are not real , the story of the advertisements will not happen in our lives . To explain this point , there is an appropriate example that an story of a advertisements is talking about the talking between two cats to sell the cats food . But you know it will not happen . If all of the factors above are considered , we can come to the conclusion that most adbertisements make products seem much better than they really are . People can choose better products when they notice this points .
(HIN,high) I disagree with the mentioned statement . A successful person will be having complete knowledge of his specialization . He is generally percieved to be a master in his field . This , generally is true . However there is also another particular trait of a succesful man i.e he will also try to explore new avenues to improve his knowledge and skills . This is again percieved to be an over the top move or a `` risk '' . But this is not true , because knowledge is an ocean whose depths are unknown . A successful person is not satisfied with the knowledge he has got and always try to do one better . A successful person always believes that if he loses the quest for knowledge he will lose the will to succeed . Also if a person is satisfied with whatever he has got and achieved it leads to its stagnation and he does not grow as an individual . Hence it would be inappropriate to term this quest as a `` risk '' . A successful person always enjoys the pains for trying out new things or venturing into new topics . It may appear as a risk to teh watcher but for a successful person it is the divine pleasure of learning . This learning could be of various types ranging for wide range of subjects to learning something which is embibed in the nature . As long as it is constructive in building his character he is happy . More over trying new things makes us gain knowledge which is the biggest gain in life and nullifies any other loss that we could experience . A successful person can start his life fromany adversities he faces utilizing the knowlege he gained by venturing into various diffrent things . Hence it would be inappropriate to say that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' .
(TUR,medium) People born , live , and die . This is the typical cycle of human life . In this cycle the people choose the way of their lives individually . Some people prefers an enjoyful life , such as entertaining , travelling doing thing they enjoyed , while the others prefer working for their future . But it should't be understood that people who are working do n't enjoy the life . From this phenomenia the topic comes to the question of how can people enjoy life and who can enjoy life more . In the answers of this question generally it is encountered the statement of young people enjoy life more than older people do . This statement makes a categorization of people by their ages . But I do n't agree with this statement . It is right that young people have more physical abilities to the older people . But it should n't be understood that only the physical abilities are enough to enjoy life . Young people has more physical abilities , but their decision abilities are n't grown up enough to make always the right decisions on the situations they encountered . For this reason they can fail while they are trying to enjoy . It is also generally thought that older people are working and do n't have enough time to make different things which would be enjoyful . But it should also be considered that working on the job which is your ideal would be the most enjoyful activity for you . Working , improving or inventing new devices , generating new ideas , dealing with your own interests also can make your life enjoyful . Finally , my last opinions on this statement is that the life would be enjoyful if you are on the way of your preferences . If you are doing the things in your dreams , and on the place where you wanted to be the lifge would be enjoyful for you . So , from that time the ages does n't affect your considerations about the life .
(JPN,medium) I disagree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Of course , I know the effects of advertisements . For example , when we look for the productions which we need , we always use advertisements with the beautiful picture and handsome models . According to these effect , those productions look like better , and we are moved on our lust . But personaly , I think that these situations are changed nowadays , because we can check the information of products from the various news source . I would like to explain by two examples . Firstly , there are lots of advertisements in the world . Also , these are not just by paper or pamphlet . By using internet , we can search those products easily and find lies or difference which the publisher of advertisements declare . Secondly , at present , we can compare with other products , because we can take a lot of information from many advertisements . So , we do not buy the matter easily . For example , yesterday , I needed the desk lamp to study my major hard , and at first , I read the information about the lamp which I can buy from internet , and at next I looked in the phamphlet to get day before yesterday , when I went to the shop . Then I went to one mole near my accomodition , and bought it . On this process , I checked and compared the product which I bought with other products again and again . And I could take the information about the real product . Therefore , I do not agree with that statement .
(HIN,medium) I am inclined to agree with the statement that the people who take risks and try something new rather then doing what they know make them successful . I have certains reasons to agress with this statement which I would discuss later in my essays . I would also like to highlight the fact that taking such risks might not get the success in1st attempt , sometimes people need to attempt multiple times . The main reason for this my view is that I believe in `` More risk , More gain '' philosophy . If I decide to get into some new business/idea , which nobody has tried , I need compartively more resources in terms of money , time and effort to purse this new venture . There is a chance that this new venure could fail , but on the positive note if that business/idea succeds , I would have a tremendous potentail to make money in this new business as I will not have much competition . I will give an example of John Chambers , CEO of a networking company . This company was traditionally in the business of selling networking devices . As its buinsess became more matured and competition increased , John decided to take some risk and expanded into telephony business and became successful in this new business . This company ranks as number one in telephony buinsess . The 2nd reason for my view is that unless I venture into unknown terrotories I will not know what lies there . As a human , we always have this comfort zone which we do not want to leave but there is no guarntee that there is no risk in what we are doing today . My brother has a gift business and he was very comfortable in that buinsess . I insisted him to try export business , though he was initially reluctant but he tried and became successful . In conclusion , I believe that risk taking is a shirt cut to scuccess which we should try .
(FRE,high) Tour operating is a developping and lucrative industry . A lot of people enjoy planned and guided travels for holidays because beeing discharged of logistics details , they enjoy even more their holidays . However I personnaly prefer to travel with some friends but not on guided trips for reasons involving flexibility , intense moments and rewarding experience . First and foremost , traveling in a group with a tour guide is not appealing to me because I fill deprived of my freedom to go where I want or to the most interesting place depending on the conditions . Indeed , when you are traveling in a group , you have to follow an often tight or unintersting schedule that could makes you frustrated when you feel like there where breathtaking experiences , views or sites you missed . Beeing in a group , walking with the group might also spoil your trip . There are some places like deserts , mountains summits , temples ... where you want to be alone or only with close friends and share unusual atmosphere , silent or feeling that can be completely be disturbed by a noisy group of tourists . Your holidays are a succes if you have been able to completely disconnect from your normal life , work problems ... Traveling in a group of people that have not the same goal during their holidays often prevent you from accessing the happiness of escapism . A last reason for planing and traveling by yourself lies into the rewardness of a successful trip you have been able to put together on your own . If you compare a trip for which your only input has been to pay and a trip for which you have been reading books , looking for information and then drawing a raw intinerary , the second one require more work but also ensure you that you will do exatly what you want depending on the uncertainties that are along your road . To summarize , beeing the responsible for your way rather than depending on a guide and beeing frustrated by all the limitations of a group , is the best way to travel . It enable you to live more rare experiences , discovering as much as you can without decreasing the quality of your experience .
(TUR,medium) Advertisements are the most common and colorful part of our lives in the 21st century . Everyday another selection for a material is made or invented and coming to our TVs or newspaper pages to show us his advantages . people have different ideas about the issue that most adverstisements make products seem much better than they really are . Some think that it is right others think that it is a wrong way of thinking . I 'm personally agree with the firt ones . First of all , advertisements make the products seem bigger . Every advertisement is a little circus show to make you believe that ` this one ' is the ` one ' that you have been looking for since your childhood . To make you believe they will try every method , especially do not believe in the size of the product in the television . For example last year a newspaper begin to promote a tape . The tape was the best that I have ever seen , I mean ` the tape of my life ' . I ordered the product and when the box came to my home I was really amazed , however , there was a little problem ; the tape was more little than I saw it in the advertisement . Secondly , most advertisements make the audience believe that the product is cheaper . The life in big cities like my own is very expensive to live . So , I am really careful about spending my money and always looking for the prices of the materials that I will buy and I am always looking for the information on prices in the advertisements . For the 20th birthday of my best friend I promised her to buy the dress that we saw in the magazine together . In the adverstisement it was not looking so expensive . I was thinking like that until I went the store to buy it . It was much more expensive than we read . Lastly , advertisements make the material seem more useful . For instance , a friend of mine who has a kilo problem , began to use a material advertised as a ` losing calorie miracle in 3 months ' , it has been 6 months and she is not looking lose much more than only 1 kilo ... The product seem her much more useful than she experienced . Thus the information told by advertisers is not so accurate and convincable . All in all , adverstising a product is something made to show that it is the best that you 've ever seen . So , the advertisers will try to fascinate the audience and by making the stuff seem better than it really is , they reach their goals . The products shown in the advertisement can be smaller , more expensive and less useful than it is seem to you .
(ITA,medium) Systems that academy adopts are much differents . Some academy gives a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , and many academy gives a specialize in specific subject . Two different ways to interpreter the wide range of teaching . In the first one you have a knowledge of many subject , but it could be a general preparation does not give you the right preparation of what you are studing for . In the second one , about the academy that prefers specialize the students in one specific subject , the risk is that they give to the society people who are able to work only in their specific subject . For example the ingeneers are very goods in their topics , their work could only be realised from theirself because is much difficult and it requires a particular preparation , but when you ask them to talk about art , or literature , or perhaps hystory they are not so good as in their specific subject . So I think that it could be better to prepare the students about many subject , but there is some subject that must be specialize . Some academy divides the courses . For the first three years you reach a general preparation , and in the lasts two years you wil reach a specific preaparation . That is the case of myself . I am studying architecture in Milan . Here we have two kind of degree . The first level degree and the second level degree . The first level is long three years and you became a junior architect with many academic subjects . The second level is long two years and gives you a specific subject preparation . Finally I think that the method adopted in my academy is may be one of the newest but it gives me the better preparation .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do , mainly because today there are a lot of options available for younger generation for enjoyment . Young people can get involved in various adventure sports . They can do scuba diving , trekking without getting too much worried about their health and fatiuge . However I do n't contend that older people do not get involved in adventure sports , but how many older people do we know who go for adventure sports as compare to the number of young people who participate in that . Their are various night clubs that are specifically made for younger generation , which likes to chill out there after long working hours . And the number of young people their is more their as well . Every generation is more advanced than the previous generation in terms of technology and variety . Younger people have greater market in front of them , where they can buy things according to their own needs . Market has become so competitive and shoulders that are responsible for innovation , have become youth centric . Today 's generation has access to various things that are now made primarily considering the youth of today . Manufacturers of bike give advertisements of a youth riding attractive bike just to capture attention of younger generation . And seeing adverisments like this and buying the same product makes life more enjoyable . Additionally , younger generation has access to all the forms of enjoyment that older generation has . Some people might state that older people have more time to enjoy life , however , I am of the opinon that it 's the quality time that matters . Who has n't heard the words : ` work hard and party harder ' . In the end I would like to conclude that younger people enjoy life more than the older people as the resources and options available to older generation are limited .
(FRE,high) The beginning of the 21rst century is highly marked by environmental consideration . The problem of pollution is more and more considered as a burning issue that must be tackled quickly to prevent some irreversible damages . That explains why many countries now adopt policies to decrease the number of cars . Could we however imagine that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today ? On the one hand , we have seen recently that many efforts are made to banish cars . We can quote the example of London whose mayor Ken Livingston created a system of expansive toll at the enter of downtown to deter people from using their cars . Many other cities such as Paris hesitate to adopt these drastic kinds of decision or to develop carpooling . Moreover , the decreasing of oil ressources and the problems of instability in the countries that produce this oil trigger a huge increase of the price of gasoline and we can easily imagine that only rich people could afford having a car if this trends still remains . Last but not least , the warming of the earth due to pollution and more particularly gas emissions has compelled governments to react with important agreements such as the Kyoto summit which has finally been accepted by California . The example of this state is quite relevant because it produces lots of pollution with big cities such as Los Angeles . However , the governor has recently decided to sue the car companies that are accuded of being responsible for the pollution . Even the people seem to be aware of the problem and try by themselves to lreduce their number of cars and to restrain the use of them . So , we can imagine that the number of cars will decrease in the next years . But on the other hand , twenty years is a too short period to change the mentalities and the habits . In Los Angeles and many other big cities , you are compelled to use cars because the net of public transportation is not enough developped . In addition , banishing cars would implie using more other means of transportation like trains or planes which are not always cheap and convenient . Maybe , we could imagine that scientists will invent a new means of transportation that will use renewable energy but it is hardly possible that it would be developped in the next twenty yeras . Finally , the amazing growth of China and India will create a new demand for cars that will probably compensate the positive effects of the reduction of cars in developped countries . As a conclusion , I am deeply convinced that the number of cars will not decrease in the whole world in the next twenty years . Indeed , this evolution is of course necessary but requires more time to find a new valid solution and to change people mentalities .
(TEL,high) I very much agree to the fact that young people enjoy life more than older people do . The fact that they are energetic supports the previous statement . Biologically speaking , the metabolic rates in the older people are very slow and thus will be left with very less energy to work with . As the immune system goes weaker and weaker , it becomes difficult for the older people to be active . In contrast , the younger ones are the most entertaining beings . With a very high metabolic rates the younger people have lot of energy to perform their functions . Its not that older people do n't enjoy life but then , it is just a comparison . Sitting at a place is a kind of enjoyment for the older people as they suffer from all sorts of problems relating from limbs to heart . Such is not the case with the youngsters . They are always enthusiastic and energetic , always eager to be active in all the actions that are up . The functions and the parties attended , the sports played by the youngsters cannot be performed by the older ones as their age restricts them to do so . Let us take an example of a grandfather and his grandson . The state of activeness that is seen in the grandson is by far , incomaparable to that of grandfather 's . Equally true is the fact that the grandfather might have enjoyed in his childhood . But taking his age into consideration he is rather adviced to take rest and be under certain limits for the sake of his safety . An older body cannot cope up with the high energy consuming activities unlike the youngerones . Not to be partial , older people have their own ways of enjoying life which might be difficult for the youngerones to follow . Nevertheless , it is the young people who can work upon the stress levels much elegantly than an older person . Although , older people do earn money , travel a lot it is the yougsters who make their way a step higher in all respects . True to the fact that younger people enjoy life more , they dont tend to force things like in the case of older people . That is the reason why many corporate companies have restricted their workers to continue beyond an age of 55 in most of the countries . Although it is very strictly followed in government offices , it holds strong enough in the private enterprises too . It is only in the safety of older ones that they are adviced to be little rusty .
(CHI,medium) Recently , traveling is a good activity for each one 's vacation . Each one want to have a great time traveling around the world to broaden his horizon . There are two choices of going traveling , in a group led by a tour guide or on your own way . If I were the one who have time to travel , i would choose the second one to enjoy my leisure time . There are a lot of reasons that I choose to have a trip on my own way . Although you do not agree with me , I would give you some explanations . First of all , it is a internet age that you can find any information on the webs all around the world . Everything is transparent that you can find out the price of hotel , plane , and so on . Even the better suggestion you can ask for is easy to get on the internet . Second , I would give you my bad experiences of trip with a group led by a tour guide . The tour guide or the traveling agent makes a look-liking beautiful plan for your vacation . That is just a crowd schedule that include almost every worthy traveling place to attract you . However , this is always a busy trip being unable to relax your good time if you join them . I can not question that the tour guide have plenty of knowledge about where you want to travel , but I can confirm that you never have a relaxing time following a big group of travelers . Third and the last , it might take you some time to plan a journey rather than take a second to call the travel agent up . I will say it is worthy preparing your own journey . Planning might be a hard thing but it is such an easy thing that you utilize the information on the internet well . After a hard-working plan , the real trip that you want will come true like a fairy tale . In addition , you will gain a lot of unforgetable memory and experience in the spontanous trip . The trip is easier than waht you thought before .
(ARA,high) People go through different stages through out their life span , starting from childhood , teenage , maturity and then getting old ! For the past 23 years Ive been hearing different comments from different ages starting ; `` I cant wait to grow old '' to `` How I miss my old days . '' The question now is when exactly is the most enjoyable period in our life time ? `` Younger people enjoy life more than older people do . '' Lets focus now on young people and what they do . Young people start their lives starting childhood living with their parents having the support they need , having the time to play and enjoy every moment with their friends and family , not to mention that they have no responsabilities . If we put in mind that teenagers are considered young , I believe that the only difference between a child and an 18 year old girl will be the same only putting into consideration that responsability will be more obvious but only in-terms of studies while on the other hand they still got the time to have fun with both friends and families and having the time to travel across countries and visit new places . As for older people , starting the maturity stage which is after graduating , at that time although responsabilities starts increasing rapidly , on the other hand new factors are being added to the equation which adds to it the sence of excitment . To illustrate my point ; as we grow older and start getting into the real world , this is where we start making a family , meeting our spouse and creating a foundation of ours . The idea of providing the support to our family and creating this opportunity to our children to have fun just as we did , is enjoyable in one way or the other . We all know that achieving this is challenging and in my own opinion the sence of challenge is fun ! Moving on to an older age , If we managed to accomplish the foundation that we were working on , we will be able to feel the sence of achievment by also creating support to our childrent ( who are now matures ) creating for them the support they need to build their own foundation . Life as a whole is enjoyable , if we tend to take it from its dark side and its difficulties starting our first day at school it will never be enjoyable , but as for me I believe that when we are young we enjoy the idea of having free time , no responsabilities and at the same time creating our life time plan , which is if we manage to accomplish one day we will be forever happy . In conclusion the time which is more challenging to us is more fun and thats why I disagree with the statement .
(KOR,medium) I am strongerly agree with the statement . I faced the same problems everyday during studying . Students can be more rely on the ideas and the concepts of what we are learing . I will develop three important reason why this statement is true . First , It is more easier to learn ideas and concepts . When we try to learn the facts , it 's more harder to understand and it might confused them more and more . Also It can bored out the students when we focus on the facts . It might be interesting , and it might help us more . But what is the point if we do n't understand . There is no point to learn about what we need to learn . Second , I think that udeas and concepts seems to stay longer than the fact . When we understand the ideas and concepts , it stay in our memory longer , because it interests people more than the fact . I have been taking anatomy class . It was really hard for me to learn something that uncommonly used , but if I applied my concepts or ideas to the definition or the body part , it 's certainly helping me to understand what I am doing and also easy for me to memorize . Third , It is important to understand what ideas , because that helps me to think more what I am learning and to make me think more and more . Thus , learing facts does n't hurt . But to understand ideas and concepts can help students more effective . Also this lead them to be more interested what we are learning .
(KOR,medium) Some people argue that when students study , they just learn important facts , and memorize those facts without understanding real meaning that facts have because it is more efficient . However , I completly disagree this opinion because students who learn just facts cannot adjust the facts that they learn to different problems , also cannot go next level easily , and cannot have lots of knoweledge . First , if students learn facts , they cannot use those facts for the other situations because they do n't know real concept that facts have . For example , students who learn the facts about the part of American history , the civil war , can know what happened during the war time , and who achieved some important jobs . However , they do n't understand the real meaning of civil war that affected whole American history , and cannot find common or different things from the other similrar historical events . Second , they will have a difficulty to learn some facts that is hirher level . In the math class , some students just learn the facts about formula of the Limit and memorize specific rules . If they meet some higher level problems , or problems that is more complicate , they cannot answer . Also , if they forget the formula that they learned and memorized , they cannot solve the math problems . However , the students who understand concepts and ideas can use their concept for the questions that is higher level . Finally , student who understand ideas and concepts can enhance their knowledge and information . Knowing facts will be forgotten over time . However , understanding basic concepts and ideas will last over time , and it will be their knoweledge during their life time . Therefore , I strongly believe that it is the most important thing to understand concepts and ideas at first for sutdents because it is helpful for understanding the other things and more difficult problems , also earning valuable knoweledge .
(ITA,medium) I totally agree with the statement proposed . Furthermore , for me this statement more than a prediction is a hope . With reference to this , it is very difficult to cram in few sentences my thougth about cars and the way people are used to using them nowadays . Shortly , I think that people would not continue to use cars in such an eccessive way as they have been doing for fourty years , for the following reasons : the cost of the fuel ; air pollution ; development of new technologies in the civil transport sector . The main reason , at least in the nearer future , why people will will take the car more rarely is the increasing cost of the fuel . Families have problems in facing such an expensive cost every day . In this respect , in my personal experience I already saw people living in my building starting substituting the car with a bycicle when they do not really have the need to drive . The second reason why people I think will certainly prefer to take a bus , or the underground instead of the car is represented by the air pollution . Air pollution became a problem of critical importance in the cities . People cannot freely breathe on the streets . The level of air pollution has reached unsustainable ceelings nowadays and people are more conscius about the problem and started thinking about it and trying to make an effort to solve the problem . Finally , I think that people will definitly prefer to take a tram , or a bus , because the technology has made great steps . In the future there will be not traffic jam , but only fast and safe public transports in the cities .
(ITA,medium) I do believe that it is very important to have a wide culture in many and apparentely differents subjects . Subject that as a fist approach can seams radically different are in the end just a different develop of the same initial path . An example comes from the classic Greek where phylosophers were the fist astronomists and mathematicians . I think that only having a broad knowledge of different subjects is possible to go deeper in a specific ones with later studies . The risk to be too much specialized from the begin is to not be able to approach an eventual problem in a different way . An example is when I was a student at the university and I was attending the mathematical classes , at that time I was really surpriced how students cominig from classical studies , after some first difficultes , became the best of the class . They were able to use the broad knowledge of different subject and use them in a specific fild . I am worry when I see schools becaming too specific in the early stages of students path . I think that industries and economic world is too in hurry to have a technician , a kind of robot able to use some specific skill well and fast . I am sure that the real progres is in the hads of people that are able to solve problems in a wide rage , because it is important that for each small change in one direction something , maybe far , will change as well . I had a specific education and many times I suffer my lack of istruction and I use most of my free time to read classical poems .
(TEL,medium) Iam of the opinion that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . I would like to cite my response on the students who have to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn . I would like to explain several examples and reasons to the issue . The students must understand the concepts and ideas . For example , if we have a mathematical subject in our graduation course , it is very difficult to solve the problems if we are unable to understand the ideas and concepts . So we would like to work hard on understanding the ideas and concepts even though we are unable to understand . For better reasons we can consider the more examples in accordance with the issue . In our daily life the ideas and concepts are more preferable when compared to learn facts . The more reasons in support to the issue are , we will digest the concepts which are happening in our regular life once we ca n't digest those concepts we have to face more difficulties . If we are doing a business then first of all we will learn the ideas and also how to form ideas in development of that business . These concepts and ideas will take a major role in several applications . If we learned the concepts more effectively , we would done a great job in our applications such as in studies , business and in our department . In some cases the learning of facts would be a achievable thing in our goals . Here some examples which support the learning facts , if we are able to learn the facts effectively then we can achieve some better results in the life .
(ARA,high) The issue of whether or not to travel in a group led by a tour guide is controversial . Some people think that a guide is important to lead them to the most popular places . Others believe they can travel by themselves without the help of a guide . In fact , I agree that people do n't really need to travel in groups led by tour guides due to two basic reasons . Cearly , traveling in a group led by a tour guide impose many restrictions . Everybody need to be prompt . In case of an emergency or lateness , people might lose one whole day becasue the guide wo n't be waiting for them . They need to manage themselves usually staying in the hotel watching television . This might cause alot of inconvenience , such as getting bored . Instead , people traveling without being restricted by a group , can take their time to do what they want . For example , they will take the needed time to sleep and rest . Furthermore , they would have the option of changing their destination whenever they want . For intance , if they planned on going to Disney Land then knew about another place , they wo n't hesitate a minute to change their plan . Truely , the tour guide will have greater knowledge about the most tourist visited places . This does n't mean that people traveling alone do n't know where they 're going . There are many resources available to people , where they know the wonderful places in a specific country . For instance , people can surfe the internet or visit agencies . These places provide almost all what is needed to know . Evidently , people traveling in groups face many problems that leads to vacation ruining . On the other hand , traveling alone does n't mean being lost . Yet , It means having more relaxation , time and opinions .
(ITA,medium) Buying or being sure of a product has become a very hard `` homework '' , in fact it offen appens that the pruducts that we choose are not so thrustable as they are supposed to be . The problem , in my opinion , is the large role of money in our society , there are few very power companies that own the pruducts'mark . Their strongness reflects itsself on all the means used to promote more a product than another . They produce a lot of publicity and convincing tattics throght newspapers , televion , stands and so on ; that , in any way , influences the taste of the listeners . `` Normal '' people think to feel surer on a product according to how much this product is known or broadcasted . There are so many examples to say that this topic is complitely wrong , we have too many times heard about big companies scandales and sometimes about the collapse of one of them , but thought that , people seem not to change their ideas . We are too involved in the society , where we live , not to can make good distinctions on what this society offers to us . I could suggest the people , that are going to buying something , to be able to decide without outher conditionments , they must prove a product and decide if it 's a good product . This choise is difficult to make because of our unawareness of being influenced by everything around us . People are offen afraid if a product is not very common , they compare themselves to the other and that , I think , it 's the main mistake , we have to decide for ourselves , we have to listen to what the other say with an accurate distancy , that let us to take our own decisions . I think , that 's one good solution not to fall into missunderstandings that everyday are around u
(GER,high) Generally speaking I fully agree with the statement that students should focus on grasping the underlying bases of a concept than to know all facts by heart . My main reason for having that opinion is because today 's strucure of information flow is fast and constantly changing . Today there are masses of information available through new technologies e.g. via the internet . New findings are constantly published and replace information that has previously been accepted . Therefore , to me it no longer makes sense for a student to memorize all facts by heart . It is rather necessary that basic knowledge about a studying field and related investigating methods are taught in schools and university . As stated above facts are subject to changes and revision but with a profound basic understanding students will be able to absorb new facts and integrate them in their knowledge of the world . This way they are able to successfully face challenges , that find solutions to problems that have not been addressed to yet . If one needs to refer to facts , students can look those up in lexicas or consult internet sources . These are the main points why I think it is crucial for students to have a basic understanding and how different topics are related to each other , to know aspect that they have in common and where they differ . It 's more a net of knowledge . However this does not imply that fact knowledge is worthless and I can think of areas where it is crucial to have the information instantly available . To illustrate this thought one can think of a doctor in the emergency section in hospital . This is a situation where time is a limited recourse and seconds might decide whether a patient lives or dies . Here the doctor should know all facts about medicine and consequences of action when treating the patient . The same is true for pilots and other critical professions . To sum it up as stated above a general understanding of a field is more important for students , considering later challenges in life , than to be able to recite information an failing to come to the core of an idea . However as the example of a doctor in the ambulance shows some basic information need to instantly accessible in situation when time is scarce .
(JPN,medium) I think there are some people who wishs to travel in a group led by a tour guide , especially abroad . But I do n't think it 's the best way to do . I disagree with the statement ` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide ' . There are two important points about this statement --- ` travelling in a group ' and ` led by a tour guide ' . First , if we travel in a group , we ca n't see things and think in our mind quietly . That also means we have to adjust the pace to walk or see things to other 's . Second , if we are led by a tour guide , we have to listen to his or her guide all the time . Even if some of their saying is already known by us , we have to put up with hearing it . Moreover , if we take part in a group tour , places to go are chosen beforehand and unchangeable in most of the cases . Certainly , we may feel much more secure if we travel in a group led by a tour guide . We do n't have to worry if we feel bad or get deseases compared to the situation of travelling alone . And we can meet unknown people of touring member . Also we do n't have to find a place to eat because it is decieded from the first mostly . But despite these points , I prefer traveling alone because we can go anywhere we want if we travel by ourselves . And we can enjoy many places --- including some local areas which is not popular --- that the touring seems not to go to . Moreover , if we do n't have a tour guide around us , we have to check the information of the destination beforehand and plan the whole process of the travel . That makes us know much closer about that place , and enable us to have a strength to deal with things happening in unknown places . Feeling secure and being comfortable are totally different . These are the reasons that I perfer travelling alone . So I disagree with the previous statement .
(KOR,medium) It is debatable whether young people these days do not give enough time to helping their communities . Some people think that young people nowadays do not have enough time to helping their communities because they are usually considered to be selfish and not caring . However , I disagree with the idea that young people in the recent time do not sacrifice enough time for their communities . First of all , young people these days are not actually as selfish as they are thought to be . They do care about their communities and know exactly what they can do for them . For example , as one person of young people nowadays I have been participated to the charity . From the experience , I was amased that lot of young people actully sacrfice their lot of time for communities . They had been working for the poor and any people who need help at least once a week . Secondly , we can see many articles and issues around us everyday lives about the young people giving their time to helping their communities . According to the research on the Korean Chosun Newpaper , it is more young people than others who sacrifice themselves in sudden accidental situations by 30 % . In summary , young people nowadays are willing to help their communities in diverse ways . They sometimes take long and regular time to help others , and sometimes give great sensibility to save people in danger . As there is also a saying that `` Sound body , sound mind , '' it is natural for young people with sound body to have sound mind somehow more than other people .
(TUR,medium) Many people think , young people have enjoyable lives and they think old people do not enjoy life as much as young people do . I agree with people who think like that . I have several valid reasons which support my idea . First of all , yaung people enjoy life more because , thay are full of energy and that cause them to do anything in any time . For instance , if a young person decides to do something hard , that person achieves that aim very easyly , but an old person can not does that thing easyly and it causes dissapointment and that disapointment makes old person unhappy . For me an unhappy life is equal to an unenjoyable life . Secondly , young people have lots of time and because of that , they do not have to be in a hurry to do something , but old people thinks they have several years to live so , they try to do lots of things at the same time and that makes their lives unenjoyable . Young people are looking forward to future but old people do not . Old people heve disapointment about their past experiences but young people do not because they have lots of time to fix those disapintments . The last but not least , old people have health problems due to , their age . Because of that , they need to stay at hospital or need private support and I think that makes them to live their lives unenjoyablely . Young people do not have to spend their times at hospitals due to , health problems . They can spend their time more enjoyable with doing different things such as , travel pleying PC or dating with their friends . All in all as I mentioned before young people live their lives more enjoyable rather than old people do . Because , old people have health problems and they are not energetic and thay are not strong enough to do entertaining thing . The long and the short of it is that , old people are not able to do things that they want to do and that makes their lives unenjoyable .
(FRE,high) Less than 100 years ago , people could only expect to live up to 40 or 50 years of age , or even less . But today , many elders reache 100 years or over . Researchers show that life expectancy increases continuously . Older people live older and many scientist believe it is a direct response to how they enjoy life . Personnaly , I strongly support the fact that older people have a full life that is equal to the yonger people , and for many reasons . Mainly , the improvement of infrastructure in society help older people to participate in many activites . As well , the adaptation of these activities to the elderly increases their participation . More people of old age composes the society of today . This clearly emphasies the need for activities specifically targeted at older people . But how can they participate if they cannot attend them . City counsil are modifying their infrastructures to address this . They created bus services for them and provided them with people to accompany them in their activites . It resulted in an increase of participation , and elderly people like it . This certainly shows that they can enjoy life as much as other age groups do . But these activites also need adaptation . Initially , the type of activities available tended to be more focused on the yonger crowds , and this for many reasons . Yonger people were more `` seen '' around the city and were definitely more active . These two features created the illusion that they enjoy more life . But older people can also enjoy activities and it has an important impact on their longevity . The increase of life expectancy is a clear example of it . The city created activities just for the elderly , such as dances and dinner where they can meet together , share their memories , and enjoy themselves . These new meetings definitely provided more reasons to life better and fuller for them . To prove the point further , societies have also introduced programs of activities where both young and old people can participate together . I participated in a program in my city where I accompanied one or two elders to shows or activites specialy designed for them . I immensly enjoyed when they share their experience with me . It help me understand life better and enjoy my life . I bring them a flavor of youth that make them forget other problems they are facing . So we both enjoy life together . To conlude , I believe that any people , no matter their age , can enjoy life to its fulless . To do so , societies need to provide adapted activites to the different age groups . This can be done by modifying the infrastructures and creating specific activies . Young people as well as older people will benefit from it equally , and will even participate together and help each other to improve their way of life .
(ARA,high) I agree that the advertisements that are widely used to promote products present them as much better than they are , in that they exaggerate the quality of the product and the effect that it will have on its consumers . Advertisements present products in a superlative light . I will not venture to say that they decieve as to the quality but rather than they exaggerate it . Well-to-do companies that can afford to advertise well are likely to have good quality products , but they are not necessarily as perfect as their advertisements show . For example , brand name cereals are presented in advertisements as the culmination of culinary excellence . At the same time , unadvertised products may have almost identical ingredients but less name-recognition . The consumer naturally assumes that the famous brand is higher in quality compared to the unknown brand but if he or she would try both they would find them similar if not identical in taste . Also , advertisements only concentrate on the positive traits of the product , but never the negative traits . Tobacco advertisements somewhatexculded , they will always make the product seem perfect and convenient and useful and safe , even though it may not be . Toys and appliances , among other products , are commanly advertised in this way . The advertisement will show how fun and exciting the trampoline is . But if a customer were to try it out , he or she would find that it is very fragile , for example . This is another common way of presenting advertisements as better than they are . Moreover the effect of the product on the consumer as it is presented in the advertisements is deceiving . Advertisements typically reach their audience by showing visions of glamour , popularity , pleasure , and increased appeal to the opposite sex as the effect of buying their specific product . It is these hidden images that permeate advertisements and it is these that attract customers , however subconsciously . The truth is of course that these messages are flase and unreasonable . Just because the Axe commercial shows that whoever uses Axe is irresistable to women , it does not mean that actual users of the product will share the same fate . Advertisements are an effective tool in marketing a product . This is because they show its qualities not its shortcomings , they exaggerrate its excellence and uniqueness , and send false images about the effects they will have on the customers that use them .
(TUR,medium) The Fake The world is globlazing every day and this make people to aware of everything that happen in casual . It is because of the communication through the television . Firstly the television has a great place in people 's life . When we come home from work , school or outside it is always in front of us and it affects us very deeply . By the television some advertisements can be seen . When something new was descovered that includes food drink or clothes its advertismenyts are always on the television and that makes people consider about buying that . It is clearly understood that people are more interested in the products that they see on the television . If the advertisement producers make the advertisement very successfully people starts to admire to those products . For instances When my family goes to shopping , they buy familiar things and those that they see on the television screen . I am definitely agree statement about the advertisements that product seem much better than they really are . Even if the materials are poor for use the advertisements convince people to buy it and show them charming . For example last year there was an advertisement about shampoo . It was unknown and the its first year of the company . When i saw the shampoo on the television i really intented to buy it because it seems not only attractive but also popular beacuse it is known by everybody . Unfortunately when i used it many times i concluded that it is only seen better in shape not in use . After that i shared that event with my friends and almost all of that agreed to me and now all of us are careful while shopping . All in all , as i explained that above , i agree the following statement . People normally cares the visuality but when they use it they understand their fault . To my mind people should be think two times when they buy something and they should not belive in attracted advertisements .
(KOR,high) There is a saying , `` Knowledge is one kind of power . '' I agree with that phrase because you can use knowledge as much as you know . Some people think it is more useful to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to have specific knowledge that you know very well . However , in my opinion , it is better to specialize in one specific subject which you are good at . To begin with , they are so many people who have common knowledge . Specifically , the knowledge they have are not unique or special . Therefore , in this competitive society people would have to compete with each other for a job that anyone can apply . It is not efficient to have knowledge that everybody knows . Broad Knowlege of many academic subjects is not a merit . For example , suppose there is a graduate who majored three subjects , History , Business , and Math . He would know many things from learning all the contents of three majors and utilize all the subjects he learned . Because there is limited time , it is hard to learn all the three subjects precisely and deeply . He would only know the basics of each subject , not the advanced things . In addition , focusing on one subject will make you as an expertise . Other subjects that you do n't know well can be solved by an expert on that field . It is more effective to take advice from him and ask questions that you are not clear with . It is better to focus on the thing a person are good at so the experts can share their knowledge in an advanced way . For example , people from different fields , can help each other by combining their own knowledge . It is a win win game . In conclusion , for these unavoidable reasons , I firmly believe people should develop and stick on to their own special knowledge .
(JPN,high) People who can success will definitely take risks to try new things rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . They know that they can maintain the motivation by using new ideas , The great opportunities for gains await them by taking risks . And the new idea is more popular than the conservative ones . Successful men and women will achive goals successfully by challenging . Mankinds can maintain their enthusiasm for goals by attempting something new . When I was on the tennis team at school , the coach tried to increase the team 's esteem by changing the stretches and methods of practicing everyday . We could maintain the desire for winning . Therefore , at the end of the season , we could achieve the championship in the league . To preserve the enthusiasm by trying new processes will bring the even better consequences . People can benefit from using another methods by grabbing opportunities . To be successful , they have to ameliorate their current conditions with new ideas . For example , the iPod benefitted from altering their styles of color , shape , types , and so on . The Apple Company received the profit by gaining opportunities . Success will arrive to people who will try to change their styles , without the fear for risks . Finally , there are more chances of success in any uncultivated field . People always love the inventions and styles with novelty . As women want to buy different clothes every season , the new products will look more attractive that old ones . The ideas that are totally different from past thoughts will bring the people 's popularity that leads toward success . In conclusion , successful people tend to take risks rather than preserving their present states . They can maintain the enthusiasm toward goals . Besides , the opportunities for achievements follow them by taking risks . The creative products from new ideas can gain the popularity from human beings . Taking risks and try new methods brings people success .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement . I believe young people enjoy life more than older people do . Young people have got strong physical structure and mental capabiliteis than older people do . Feeling young itself brings in a lot of self confidence to face any problems and perform many situtations in life which most of the old people lack . Visiting beautiful places all over the world can really rejoice human beings which is easy for young people than older ones as age is a great barrier or older people to make a world trip . Playing sports is good for health and it is also a big recreation that relieves us from many worldly issues , which young people can do with ease than the older ones . Sex is one of the important part of life . It helps in developing good relations with the partner . Older people cant enjoy sexual pleasure in their old age but the young people can do that . Young people are more familiar with the current techonological advaancements than the older people and can enjoy a really comfortable and luxurious life than the older ones .
(KOR,medium) Some people may think that the older people enjoy life more than young people do . However in my opinion , young people enjoy life more than older people do because most of young people have a motivate to live and meet various people and hanging out with them make life more pleasant . Young people have a dream . I believe that it is really great to have a goal in our life . Young people 's dreams are all different because of their fasinate desires such as ideal entertainers , parents , sportsmen , doctors , and artists . Without this dreams , young people may live like a ` dead collapse ' . For example , My friend longs to be a famous singer . Therefore she practice her sing for more than 7 hours per day . She does not want to give up her dreams because she loves to spend her time to singing . She said when she practices the sing she feels like she is heaven . I do not think that older people do not have a goal any more because they already achieved it and their rapid life will make them to live in boredom . By meeting new people give young people an enjoyable life . Everyday we approach new people . It is really fun to meet them who have all different characteristics , and appearances . When we meet someone who can reliable and want to be a companion to our lives then we called it `` Pursuit of happiness '' . For instantce , when i hang out with all my friends , I forget depression and lost stress . Some times we spent our time to watching movie , and chilling about our daily lives . Even though we feel irritation because of our consistant boring life , it will be fine if we have a true friend . At this time , i think i am not afraid of anything because always my friends being on my side . In my conclusion , young people enjoy life more than older people do because we have a dream where we can motivate ourselves , and hanging out with friends more often without any worries . I am really happy to be part of young people ! .
(TEL,medium) Yes , i agree with the statement . Young people are the future of the world , they remain active in thier young period but while they get older they loose patience , concentration and the body organs get weak , they may see inactive comparing with young people . As young people have many dreams and have many goals to achieve . They work accordingly to achieve their goals and their age is in the stage that they are ready to do anything , young people say and prove ` nothing is impossible ' .they can jump , play and enjoy the wholelife at maximum extent . well about the older people they will loose their patience , they have to look after whole family and would face many problems regarding family and now they have no strength to do more work , no strength to dance , jump and travel . For example , lets take my young cousin , when his family went for an holiday including his grandfather who is 70 years old , my cousin explored whole city and visited many religious places , which make him happpy or he may enjoys that . while his grandfather who is also interested to see those places but due to his physical weakness and due to the temperature variance he did n't resist at that palce . And many places are in the hilly areas which are to be travel by walk , as his grandfather have no strength he did n't enjoyed the trip . Young people have many ways to enjoy their life at maximum . now-a-days young girls are the main factor for their enjoyment , they go out with their girl friends in which they find much enjoyment . But older people ca n't do that as they are married they are restricted to thier limitations . This is a silly example but it is a huge reality statement . I conclude by saying that young people will have more fun in thier period by comparing with the older people . Due to their strengths and enthusiascim which can find more in young people rather than in older people .
(GER,high) I do not agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . I want to explain my point of view with the following reasons . First of all , understanding is the key requirement to learn successfully , even facts . How does someone want to learn facts without understanding them ? Even facts require a proper understanding of them because facts are not only facts but also related other areas of knowledge . Furthermore , facts are not combined with learning strategies , wheras the understanding and comprehension of information are always linked to the `` how '' , the way and the means how to understand ideas and concepts properly . This brings us to the relevance of learning methods . In order to comprehend ideas , facts , theories represented in texts or in presentations , it is important to be aware of different learning strategies . Students confronted with ideas and concepts at school or university have to develop strategies which enable them to steer their concentration in order to learn the most important components of an idea . Moreover , another decisive point about understanding ideas and concepts connected with the idea of learning strategies development , is that compared to facts they can help more in real life . Facts are also important , of course , but in life , which does not consist of loose facts but of social interaction and things always related to each other , it is more helpful to combine exterior and new information with old ones . In addition , there are a lot of concepts and theories about to know how to combine old with new knowledge . Statistics can depict with the help of facts how things appeare in numbers , but onlz helpful strategies about how to comprehend idears prpoerlz van
(FRE,medium) The research of happiness has always held an essential position in the life of human beings . It seems to me that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Indeed , they enjoy a better health , they know that they certainly will live a long time . They have everything to discover , they have everything to biuld , from their career to their family . They are free and they have time to realize their dream . However , I agree with this statement up to a certain point . Indeed , In present-day society , people first and foremost try to find personal fulfilment through a constructive organization of their leisure . Work is no longer a priority . Nowadays , people live longer , eat differently . The family structure has changed . In my opinion . new values often lead to a standardization of lifestyles and thought . Many times , young people are scared about the future , they do not have the money to enjoy life . They lack of experience , of wisdom . They persuade themselves that they will find happiness in materialistic objects , in body worship , To my mind , the only way to enjoy life is to mix young uncertainty with the old serenity . Helping each other might be a good place to start . The older one teaching the young one ,,,
(HIN,medium) The issue at hand is `` Young people enjoy life more than older people '' . I agree that young people are better enjoyers of life as they have their inner zeal and attitude towards life and also life has many things to offer to them . The first reason i think that older people dont enjoy life ethusiastically and fully as compared to younger ones is that the older people have already done lot of enjoyment in their life and they know the meaning of enjoyment so their approach is not much enthisiastic towards enjoyments in life . On the other hand young people have to go through their time what their elders have gone through hence they are more energised and enjoys things more Another reason i think that young peple are better enjoyers of life is that they are physically and mentally much more fit . Their attitude towards life is to enjoy things and their physical and mental ability let them do these things easily , for example not going far away if I ask my grand father to go for city disco he might refuse as he might not be mentally willing more over as every old person hasdiferent problems related to his body like pain in joints in this age even if his mind allows his body might not . so to enjoy the life one must have his physical fitness and soul energised only then one can enjoy things in life . Finally i agree with the statement because younger people are having much more exploring approach and attitude towards life hence in their eagerness to learn more they go through each and every situation curiosly which make them better revelling enjoyers . In conclusion , young people are better enjoyers of life as their approach towards life is new and fresh and also their curiosity and their physical and mental fitness allows them to enjoy the juice of life at its best as compared to old people
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement young people do not give enouh time to helping their communities . Actually young people do not have enough time to helping their communities . The examples and reasons are as follows . Firstly today young peolple are busy with their schedules . Every young person running along with the clock to survive in this busy world . People are working hard to acheive their goals because of day by day population is increasind and also competition is increasing . Young people are totally exhausting their energy for their carriers itself . There is no extra energy to help communities . Some of them are not having enough time to work for themselves . For instance , today many young people surviving by their own without creating problems to their parents . Students are working while they are studying . Some students hardly fine time to study because of their work . This is the main reason why young people are not having time to helping their communities . In addition to that , Now a days education is so much stressed that young people have no time to look upon communities atleast those young people even dont know that communities are search for help . Today schools are giving lots of home work to do that these young people are not in position to do other activities . Like students employees also having same problem with their work . Today many companies not considering the time that the employees work . They want the amount of work . They are imposing the work on employees . I have an real example for this statement . My elder brother is working as a sofware engineer . In his companie 's policy they have holidays on saturday and sunday . But my brother used to go to the office even on sundays also because of the amount of he have to do . By considering all the above reasons and examples I conclude that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
(GER,medium) During my academic education of biology , I studied a wide variety of topics . Beside my major subjects , ecology and zoology , I took classes in botany , genetics and physiology . After getting this scientific overview I specialized on the biology and ecology of spiders , which was also the topic of my diploma thesis . Later , during my PhD thesis , I very glad having received a scientific overview espacially in botany and zoology because I needed the knowledge of very different topics to conduct different field - and laboratory assays . To my opinion , it is not a mistake to take very different classes at the university , if this is still possible . This is because then you have the possiblity to choose the subject you like most and on which you can then specialize later in your studies . Furthermore , you never know , which knowledge you will need for a future job . If you have a broad but superficial knowledge of some subjects , you are always able to intensitfy your studies and get more specialized in the desired topic . Unfortunately , the educational systems at most universities in Germy have changed since my tand mostly , it is no longe possible to study all subjects simultaneously due to limited money resources . Often you have to choose your majors before getting registered at a university . I think this is not a good development at universities , becouse no one knows what fure will bring and which qualifications are needed when people have finished their university degree .
(HIN,high) Now-a-days the life for everyone has become hectic , let it be a boy going to the college or middle aged man who has family responsibilites . Especially for young people who have their entire life in front of them & its time now for them to decide in what direction they will steer their attention to get to the destination which will take life to the aim that they have to achieve . For a start they have to attend college . Some times have to pay for it themselves . So for that work part-time . But now-a-days i can see students dont mind working for their own education . They have become more active in the society . They have started realising the important of human values like honesty , humanity & trust . Hence , I disagree with statement that is made here that young people donnot give enough time or help their communities . I can give you an example which i experienced myself . Few months back , in my city there was an excessive rainfall in a season when it was completely unexpected . Hence , the government resources were not available on time . At that time , people staying near the place , where lots of water was creating a blockage of traffic , came onto the streets to help the people for crossing the roads which were under water . I even heard news that these people provided shelter & food to those who couldnt get to their homes due to lack of trasport . All these people helping out others were young . It was quite evident because old ones couldnt help doing so many things by walking in rains . There might be some youngsters who are involved in drug activities or crimes or some even `` doing nothing sitting at home '' types . But you cannot judge the entire young generation only by looking at them . I think that today 's young generation is very much awake about its responsibilities & are doing their duties well , without fail . Giving them opportunities to do it is now the responsibility of our community .
(CHI,medium) Idears and facts can be thought two different parts of a song . Idears like the melody of a song and the facts like the lyrics of the song . Both of them are important , however , if we change the lyrics of a song , it seems it still a song and just with different meaning , but if we change the melody of the song , sometimes , it may not be a song or it is already another song . Compareing with these tow different parts , I agree that it is more important for students to understand the ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . First , I believe idears and concepts of knowledge is the main core as the most important part during our learn . There are millions and millions facts of each subject , and it is impossible for us if we want to get ench specific aspact of the facts , even though we spend our whole college life to learn them . So the best way of learning knowlege is to get the main idear or concepts in the first step , and then pick up some relative facts to help us understatn it and empersize it . On the other hand , there is no nesseary to learn all the facts but we must to get the ideas and concepts , even when we do the extra-activities . In the extra-activities that we orgainazed in college , we usually need to prepare a lot of details things in oder to keep it going as we expected . But , there are still more or less new problems emerge during the activities . If we only focus on the facts that we learned or we prepared , we will never ever find the right way to solve it immedietly . However , if we have a well-understanding of main idear on this compain , we will do everythings quikly and in the right derection . That is why I think getting the main idear is more important than learning facts .
(SPA,medium) As a matter of fact being succesfull requires doing things already known . It is well known that succes based on experience , hard work , profesinalism are the keys On the other hand taking some risk and new things in a small amount wont hurt . It is absolutely necessary to be compenetrate with a hard working attitude , giving `` quality of your time '' and sometimes quantity to have good results . In a profession you will need to study continously , and deeply . Furthermore experience is a very important benefit . It is also important to be honest with yourself and the people that works with you . Actually listening good advices frompeople that know what they are talking is basic . On the other hand sometimes is intresting to listen to other opinions and try new things or take a risk . In many professions people who innovated issues or things are succesfull . Sometimes they experiment different optins that helps a lot ; for example using special advertising for promoting a specific article or taking aspecific risk with their company . New entrepeneurs have this style and is refreshing . In other words succes is not so easy to get so this attitude wont hurt Finally i consider that the traditional way is better , based on what you know to do . Success has a formula that is not always the same for everyone .
(KOR,medium) As the technology evolves , some people supports the idea that the cars will be decreased on the planet . They think it will be fewer and people will take different transportations , but according to the technology growth rate and the convenience , it cannot happen in 20 years . Cars can go anywhere you want . There have been new transportations such as train and planes and were now available to go to a different continent , but it cannot be used to go to a short distance , and the specific place I want to go . A car is the most suitable transportation for visiting relatives in just a few miles away , and going to the place where trains or planes cannot go . Also , the technology growth rate is not fast enough to replace cars . People are wondering for cheaper and convenient solution to replace cars , but if it can be opened to th public within 20 years , it should have been developed by now , but there is no sign of it . Because it is suitable room for just a family , you can do whatever you want without having to watch out for other people . You can listen to the music , take a rest at anytime , or have a lunch on the way to your destination . It is just a place for your family , so you can feel free for what you are doing . People love the memoryabout the situations they had with their family on the car , and it remains for a long time . As the technology grows , the cars might be replaced , but it cannot be replaced just in 20years . The technology is not yet suitable for replacing it , no more convenient solution for its transportation abilities. , and people will still love it . Cars will be evolved and be still loved by the people .
(ARA,medium) In these modern days , young people are more busy , and they are more concerned in gaining money than doing charity works or in or helping in the improvement of their communties , and i think this condition is happening for many reasons . The first reason is , the type and the quility of that life we want to live in . These days every young indivitual is thinking how he can gain more mony , how he can get a promotion in his job , how he can be able to buy a new car . so by thinking in these things every day of your life , it will be a natural consequense to forget how you can improve your communty . The second reason why young people do not participate in helping the community because of lack of enjoyment , because in these days working for your community is another way of saying boring , and this is because community work is always typical like gathering wastes out of the road or planting trees in a certain area , or helping the homeless . But if we add the element of amusement , we will have great results , for instance if we say we are planting trees with a certain celebrity like britney spears , we will see many young people participating because they will enjoy the company of that celewbrity at the same time we are conveying the massege that even celebrity , who has alot of things to do , is participating in the event . Another rerason why young people do not like to even think in communioty improvement , because of lack of guiduince , in other words , lack of appropriate education for our mentors , teachers , and even our parents of the importance of this work , some of them do not know where are the centers for such work , or how to participate in such works , so how can we ask the young people to get intersted in this duty . In conclusion , communty work is important , but it lacks the appropriate promotion for it , it lacks the attractivness , and it lacks the most importany thingspirit .
(TUR,high) In today 's highly mobilized society , cars have become an indispensible part of daily life . It is now common in most families to have multiple cars , one for each member of the family . However , while enjoying the innumerable advantages that cars bring to their lives people are becoming more and more aware of the down sides of having so many cars . Considering this point , I agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in the future than there are today . The biggest price that today 's societies are paying for the convenience of having so many cars is definitely the deteriorating environmental conditions . Cars probably have the largest contribution to air pollution among all the technological advancements that we can think of . In the recent years , on the other hand , environmental awareness has been awakened by means of international treaties , scientific research and public advertising . In my opinion , therefore , these efforts will have far reaching consequences and make future generations more sensitive on the issue . What effects an individual directly , however , is not the global environment that he must do his part to protest but more than that the expenses that comes along with having a car . As the organic energy sources on the planet diminish , oil prices will keep increasing , possibly at higher rates . In the end , it will probably reach such to limits where people will be willing to give up their comfort in favor of their pocket . The final point that I 'd like to make to support my argument is the gigantic technological advencement that we are witnessing in the fields of computers and the Internet . Nowadays , one can work , buy , sell , communicate , read the daily paper and do much more on his computer without leaving the house . This , however inadvantageous it might be for the health of the society , will surely have an effect in cutting down the number of cars that people have . After all , what 's the point of having a car if you are only going to use it once a year to take it to the mechanic for its annual check ?
(ARA,medium) I 'm studying mathematics and computer science and I found it very much related fields of studying . I 've some knowledge of mathematics and computer science because mathematics is the basis to computer science . I think knowing ( studying ) deep about one or two related majors is better then having a shallow knowledge about a vatiaty of bounch of majors . That is because of several reasons I can mention some of them like Any one know that the development in sciences is never ever stops and having new things each day . So in order to a person to increase his knowledge in the majors he is interested in will required from him to have an incrrideble abilities because as a human Beings it is impossible to have a constant knowledge that can be retrieved and reviewed in our brain . That was one point another is due to our average age which will not let us to have a very good knowledge about cuple of sciences keeping in mind that when you want to finish your undergraduate study you spend about 22 to years of your age and if you want to complete your graduate study you need an extra 6 years which will be then 28 years of your life after that you need to show your ability in what you studied which required from your years and years of research . anther thing is that concentration is the most important factor in order to a person to be successful otherwise as a human being he will get lost and will not have a clear idea about what he is hopping to be . As a society we are a number of persons and each one has to dump a certain gap in order to be a good society and to acheive our qoals as one society whcih follows in acheiving our goals as a one person in a society .
(HIN,medium) In my opinion this statement is true that successful people try new things and take risks rather then only doing what they already know how to do well . Any new invention start with new thoughts , new creativity , planing and hard work towards the goal . For example Newton , he was a scientist he gave us a lot of new principle on science but before him no body was thinking in that direction . After his , people fallows his principles and doing further more for new creation and inventions . That is thue trying new thing is better becouse if you sucssed in any concept you will become famous very fast , with new concept you can earn more money and can lead a good succesful life . For that you must be creative for new ideas and concepts . We can take a example of Macdonalds , initialy it was a simple food chain but due to do right efferts in right directions , and trying some thing new , made them a gaint food chain . So in my opinion succcesful people trys new things , altough there are lot of hard work , passions , time and money required towards the goal . In conclusion i will say that if u want to be successfull person , you have to keep trying new things rether than only doing what they already know how to do well .
(CHI,medium) Some people believe that young people can enjoy life more than older poeple do . But from my point of view , the opposite is the truth . I think it is hardly for a young man to enjoy his life better than an older man . First of all , nowadays few young people are aware the purpose of their lives . It is hard to say that a person could be happy without knowing the purpose of his life . Instead , many of them idle their precious time . They do not know what they should care most in their life . Older people , on the contrary , know exactly what their purpose are . So they do not care much over other trifles as young people do . They know how to set up a goal and keep chasing it . This is what I envy older people most . One of my cousins spent two years in a colleage and try to find her favorite major . But even now she cannot make up her mind because she change her interest so frequently . Furthermore , young people are not mature enough to control themselves . So they make more mistakes . Many young people do things just out of an impluse , . Sometimes it can be dangerous to do things this way . As for older people , most of them know clearly what is right and what is wrong . They have their own judgements and they can often do things according to their life experiences . No wonder our young people always need an adult to teach us right from wrong . Finally , young people are much easier to give in to temptations , especially in today 's society . They are not steady enough to avoid the bad effects of many negative things in our society . But as for older people , they have seen much more than us , so they know when and how to say no to temptations . So , I think it is easier for an older person to enjoy his life than a young person . But I also believe we young people need guides and we learn how to live and enjoy our lives through mistakes and experiences . As we grow older , we will enjoy our lives better .
(TUR,medium) Living in a crowded city with an undeniable traffic problem is getting worse each day . Being a part of this tarffic jam the cars generally save our lives to get from one place to another . It is really an easy way to get out from our houses and use our cars to transport . But remembering this ; just one person in a car going to his/her work makes us crazy especially in the mornings . In our daily life some of us use public transportation . There are many busses or other vehicles but besides most of the people use their own cars to get to work or somewhere else . The cars are getting more and more each day and this causes great problems . More car accidents , more air pollution , more noises etc . The government works for this problem to make a solution and it is very useful . Now a days people are learning to use public transportation . After all people should agree using undergrounds it woud be helpfull to us . Using an underground or a bus or getting to work with your own car but with some friends of yours , also would be a possible solution for the traffic jam . People will do these things when they realise that this is usefull but this will take time unfortunately . I think that as the time passes the traffic is not going to be a problem because in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . In the beginning some people will not agree but after some time I think they will see the truth . Living in a world without a traffic and a clear weather will be more enjoyable . People will slowly understand that using public transportation will make their life easier . So as the time passes maybe this will help us to communicate with each other in crowded places we will be living in a world all the people understanding each other .
(TEL,medium) Now a days young people are affected by many aspects of the society , so that they ca n't able to help their communites . I agree with the statement by the following reasons that , because of their education system , extra curricular activities and affect of media etc . Firstly , I could discuss about education system . In my country our education system makes all students so busy all the day . They are busy with their tight schedules of classes and study hours . They do n't even have a minute to spend time with their parents . As a graduate student I am also facing the same problem . So that they do n't have time to help the communities . Secondly , young people are used to spend their time by extra caricular activities , for example playing sports , participating in seminars , giving paper presentations and attending conferences that are realted to their education . All these factors makes them so busy . I also used to attend the seminars and conferences when I get a free time . Finally , media has its great impact on youth . For example television , internet , magazines and TV channels . All these factors are attracting the youth . So that they are wasting their time by spending their lot of valuable time to watch TV , using internet etc . One of my friends , who was also my classmate , addicted to internet browsing and chatting . He spent most of his time by chatting with his friends . Therefore he spoiled his carrier by neglecting his studies . This incident shows how the youth are inclined to unnecessary things and not showing their interest in helping communities . All these factors indicates that youth are spending their time for their personal activities . However , some of them used to participate in some social welfare activities , such as helping poor people and orphans . I conclude , that most of the youth use their time for their own purposes rather than helping their communities . So that I agree with the statement that , `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
(FRE,medium) Nowaday , Bill Gates is the first wealth on the hearth . He has constructed it on a very famous firm , Microsoft . This latter month a new product has been launched , Windows Vista which is a new software which enable every people to work more efficenctly with their computer . What is that product ? Only a old software which has been improved . This leads to my point of view . According to me , successful people are those who develope products based on their previous experience and knowledge . If we spend so much time at the university is to gather and increase our knowledge to pretend to a good job . At the time being it is almost impossible to succeed in the unknown . Every people who has succeeded started with a familliar topic . How can we be good in something we do not know at all . A business to be launched needs strong basis or it is deemed to fail . Once it is properous then we can decided that something new could be done . When a manager points out that the bounds are reached and that the business is not growing anymore , at that time he can decided to find a new strategy or a new product . New investment must be the only way for a firm to survive the growing competition . But it is not necessary to change completely the product the firm is selling . Pizza Hut for example , to revive the business , invented the cheezy crust pasta . The product is still a pizza but that pizza is improved to `` grab '' new consumers , increase the profit and be better than other competitors . So , successful people has develope a thing they were knowing very well , improved it and then renew that thing when the time has come to find new found by extended the market . The subject is innovation . Many people who tried to succeed in something they do not know at all were a lot to fail . That is what we witnessed in France at the begining of 2000 . A lot of new firms were started on the Internet thing but many of them were completely ignorant of that totally new thing and the result was appaling , more than 80 percent of those firms closed during the first year .
(CHI,medium) In my opinion , it wo n't be an exaggeration that young people do not spend time on their community . It is true that young people seldom do things for their community . The reason is simple . Young people have other things to do and ; most of all , few young people have the sense of community . Seldom young people in my country are required to do anythings for their communities . They are often be told that they have to study hard . Their reposibility is to focus on their study and their school work is always on the top of priority . To their `` consederate '' parents , things like helping their communities is taken as an bother to their children . Even the task is as easy as cleaning the sidewalk around the community , parents will usually choose to finish by themselves rather than getting their chidren involved in . On the other hand , few of young people nowadays have the sense of community . They even do n't know who their neighbor are . How can it possible to ask those indifferent people to pick the garbage scattering in the house next to their house . They usually think that their will solve the problems in the community because it is adult 's bussiness . They are seldom be educated to help others . They claim that they are too young to have opinion and ability to making descions about their community . I do n't think that it is all the young people 's faults that they pay little attention to their community . Their parents should also be responsible to this situation . Our younger shoud be taught to be more earnest to their living environment instead of caring only about themslves .
(ITA,medium) I think that a student first must learn to judge . What do I said ? In the schools often the teachers do n't teach at student the difference between the concepts and facts . This situation create a not quality and ability in the student to understand what is important for him and for them . I agree with the statement because in my school carrier i have learned that it 's important choise and to say make a choise , sometimes facts bring you on wrong ways . Students are put themselves every day to contact with real world and with difficolty life , opposite than the last own life , for this way at this time it 's important for students to understand ideas or concepts than it is for them to learn facts . For to improve their capacities is well things read all day one or more journal , read book watch tv news program and discuss whit professor or parents , and with friends about a problem . The tought of the most famous professor is that increase tha capacities of judge in future generations made decrease the problem in the world becouse tha knowledge of a problem join with the own ideas and concepts help to solve by fact . In italy are born specific college course where the professor teach what are the rules for increase the own personality and introspection analises and during the primary school the student learn the basemant of socity 's costumes . Another important passage is for the student , and I think is good things improve , `` the reasons meeting '' found in the wold . In my study first and in my profession now I have researched always the ideas and concepts because without this aspect was for me impossible know and learn facts .
(GER,medium) This statement is in my opinion a bit to wideranged . So I think that the people in our society are split in two groups : the ones who never help somebody and the ones who care about the well beeing of others . I will elaborate this in this essay in two paragraphs . On the one hand , I think that todays society of young people becomes worse in helping each other because they tend to be more and more sellfish . The kids prefer to stay at home alone to play computer instead of going out in parcs and play football with others in the same age . Meeting others is the beginning of creating a community : share free time with others . Then , in school , many of the pupils do n't want to help their classmates because of the fear to loose something . After that , when the young people begin to work , they want to earn always more money . At the same time , they do n't want to spend a bit of their spare-time to those who could need it . On the other hand , there have been done many things to get people more involved in helping their communities . Often they are in form of voluntary work and many people do n't hear about it even if they would like to help . In Germany , they have introduced a `` civil service '' . It was made up for those who do n't want to make the military service , so it is obligatory . Since it was created , they are many young people who work in hospitals , houses for older people , for handicaps or drug and alcohol ill people . Today , the government thinks about putting the military service away and instead of that make the civil service obligatory for all , boys and girls . This would be great , because so everyone gets an experience in helping others so that these people would give help next time easier . I think most of the people do n't go and help people by their own , but with a little experience in social work , they will change their minds on that point .
(ARA,medium) Traveling is the best way the discover many places and areas around the world , and as you may know everyone should know the place there he or she lives in . They are many people like to travel , but they are those like to travel alone and others in a group . its depends on the traveler . Since a long lime I like to travel in a group for many reasons . First , getting together with may friends make to trip enjoyable with many things , such as discussion on different topics , giving ideas about the place where we are going to , ... Second , I feel good to take a meal in a group , I remember one day I traveled with my school friends to discover one of the most place in Morroco . It was to Atlas montains . I remembed when we got to eat togther in a great enviroment . Third , more important thing is to have a led , an expert for a your tour , that 's the only way to have several informations in your mind during the trip , wich remains the sourse of information . Finally , you will no know the importance of traveling in a group untill you enjoy it with sort of things that I mentiend above . that is one of the best things in life . Think about it !
(ARA,medium) Most of young peoples nowadays , for some reasons like selfesh manner and the entertainment which is available 24 hours , dont really give enough time in order to help their communities . First , with the availability of the T.V. twenty four hours a day it might be uncommon that a boy or a girl may think of helping his or her community . T.V. programs , either good or bad ones , attract young peoples , regardless of the movies , which takes the first place of attracting the youngs in most countries . This attraction may cause a little careless in theirselves toward their community . Further more , the attitude plays a huge part in this particular situation . It depends actually on the parents who should plant the love toward the society inside a boy 's heart ; for example , when you teach a child from his childhood how to love his country , it will be obvios that he will grow up up with a quantity of love will be indirectly translated into a care toward his country when he grow up , which means giving some time to fix some mistakes and help some people . In addition , the socity could lead a person to work and help his country and community and may not ; for example , if a person lives in a generous , freindly , and ready to work together society , he would propably become helpful to his society sooner or later . The contrast is true , when the people in a particular society do n't care about each other then we should'n expect a guy show up and say he want to help . In conclusion with the avilablity of the entertainments any time at any place , movies which increases every day and the attitude of the person himself , the time for helping the community becomes rare . all these abstracted issues have directly or indirectly leads the young boys far a way from helping and lood after thier community , which is a petty .
(SPA,medium) Generally for all the students its very important to understand a lot of things . It can be inferred that are a lot of ways of how a student can understand , that are learning from ideas and concepts , or understand by facts . There are a lot of disadvantages of the three kind of situations already mentioned . For example understanding by ideas it means that they do n't have the main experience to make straight the definiton and it 's more usually , difficult to understand it by this way . For the other hand students can also understand by concepts , this means that the students are going to learn from a definition , something more concret . And also there is another way of how a student can learn , and this way is understanding by facts , it means that the student is not going to learn a concept or have the main idea , it 's that the student is going to experience and learn from something that he lived . These types of how a student can understand things can be something unclearness , but it doe n't mean that each student use the three options to learn something , but eventhough there are some of them who really uses the three . For the other hand there a some students that only prefer one option , because they think that its the best way for them to understand things . For my conclution I would say that it 's more important to all the students learn by facts , because it 's not the same thing to say that each person understood by reading and having the main concept of things , or that having just the idea . Also , I think that it would be more clearfull to understand things by facts , because the students will not only get a good understanding , they also are going experience about a lot of things and that is going to be somenthing usefull for their life .
(CHI,high) It is true that nowadays , school gives out more work for students to do . And most of the students are packed with school work that they do not have spare time to do other things . Even though it is true , I still believe young people are putting enough time to help their communities . As for my school , an average students spend about four to five hours on their homework , and it depends on the level of the difficulties of the courses they took . But , even though our homework takes up a great time , many students from my school still work for community services . My school ends at 3 pm everyday , but we have activities that is offer after school , such as community services . And most of the students are `` forced '' to do community services . There 's no rules set on the minimum hours worked per year , but for those people who wish to get into good college , would do community service everyday . Because we know , colleges care about community services . Of course , there are people who help out in their communities just because of their interest . You might ask , `` why would people enjoy doing community services when there are better alternatives such as watching movies and chilling out with your friends ? '' The reason you would have asked the question is because you have not found a community service that you can enjoy doing . I have been persistantly going to Leprosy Home everyweek . I worked about seventy hours every year . College Application might be one of the reason I visit there , but the main reason that keeps me spending so much time there is because of the residents there . Even though most of the residents had never gone to school before , there 're things that I can learn from them , such as , the way to live and look at your life . They are disabled , and they have been through all sorts of difficulties , and while chatting with them , they 'll share their storys of how they 'd gone through all the difficulties . And that 's why there are people who enjoy helping out the communities - they learn many things that they do n't usually learn from school . May be , around the world , young people do not give enough time helping their communities . But from the environment I live in , I see people doing communities almost everyday . Some of them might be forced by their parents or college application , but those people are still the same as those who do communities with interest . Either way , people are helping out the community . And I think putting an extra two hours everyday on top of the five hours homework is a decent amount of time to put into the community .
(FRE,high) Along with the development of mass media and mass culture came the development of advertisement , helping to create what is called `` the consumer society '' . Advertisement is supposed to make you buy a product , it is a message that makes the product appealling so that you buy it . In order to do so , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . It is a very common experience to be disapointed by what you just bought . I just bought an MP3 player because it looked great on the advertisement but I discovered that it does not work with many computers . This is the time when one says `` it looked so much better in the commercial '' . Advertisements are not to be blame for that because it is their very purpose : to make you buy . In order to do so , it has to show what is best in the product . It is very rare to see a commercial that will ill-speak of a product . It does exist and it is called `` negative publicity '' but even this is a form of advertisement . Most of the time an advertisement will just focus on what is great about a product . If advertisements sometimes make products seem much better than they really are , advertisements are not allowed to lie about the product . If they do , the advertisement company can be sued for `` false advertisement '' . That means that an advertisement never really lies but just shows the product in a way that makes you want to buy it . Having realized that it is the very role of advertisement to show products under their most appealling appearance , perhaps one should consider the consumer 's responsibility . Indeed one should not always take for granted what is said in a commercial . It is his responsability to use his critical sens and not be misguided by advertisements . This is a lesson I learned the rough way !
(TEL,high) I completely agree with the statement of ` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide ' for several reasons . The first and foremost one would be the safety and comfort offered by your companiens in group , especially when traveling to new places farwaway from home town . In case of any unexpected emergencies or untoward events happening on travel , you have a gropu to take care of your needs and shre the burden and sterss . Secondly , the guided tours would provide right information about theplaces and one can get more precise information about the place visited for the first time . Also , a guided tour in a gropu is more economical over personal tour with or without a guide . The guides are trained to perform the tours on a timely manner while explainig the fact in detail . When you are in a group , you would spend less money on travel , accomodation , and money spent on engaging a travel guide . Tough it may not be possibl to spend their time as one wishes , while travelling , it provides the opportunity to ineract with other people in group and know more about the places than it would be other wise . I provide a typical example , to justify my opinion . It is about my travel in India last year . I have to spend about $ 150 to go to a historic place all by myself in a taxi , while it costs only a fraction of that , i.e $ 5 if I choose to travel by public transport that was available . I choose to go by taxi as I was alone and afraid of travelling in publice transport system along with the many locals , for fear of isolation as I do n't under stanfdthe la Thus in conclusion , a guide tour in groups is , safe , economical and time saving .
(TEL,high) Knowledge is a very important aspect of a person 's life . It influences the position of the person in the society . Everybody relies on knowledge to make things easier . Regarding the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects than to specialize i one specific subject . '' I fell that the person with specific knowledge on one subject is better of with the person having broadledge base . As we normally taunt the persons with broad knowledge as `` Jack of all trades , master of none '' we send the information that for a person to be succesful in life it is the specific knowledge that comes to the picture . Proffessionally a person with specific knowledge is preffered to the person with a broad knowledge base . Suppose a patient suffering from a heart disease approaches a cardiologist and not a general surgeon . As the saying goes `` rolling stone gathers no moss '' tells that the person who keeps chaging his subject on not constant in his acedemic intrests will gather no useful knowledge . On the flipside , age is a major factor in deciding the knowledge we have to acquire . Suppose for example , when in school the children are taught various subjects like History , social , science , math etc because to form the foudation of a knowledge . Suppose in school children are taught about first aid , which may be life saving for some one . So , until a certain age , till the student is not sure of his fields of interest he has to gain some basic knowledge about a lot of things . If the student is clear about his field of interest he has to go into the specifics of a single subject , this will help him in acquring a job . Finally , as the saying goes `` a single coin has two sides '' the person will have to go through both the stages depending on his age and his interest . After a certain age , the person with knowlege in a specific subject is rather succesful in his personal life than the person with broad knowledge on many subjects .
(HIN,medium) I agree with this state ment because the person who always do hard work and he knows that there is arisk . With out risk we cant achive any thing in this world . The world is totaly full of compation we hav e to take a risk . Even though we know that about it for example a person who is well knowledge and experienced in bussines he will try to launch a prouduct in market in compation world other also launch a prouduct and both have confidend they will sale their prouduct . This shows that they both are taking a risk because they have the confident on their prouduct . If they do n't like this they don fill satisfied . Successful always try new tinghs . They know how to do it . With out a risk there is no profit for a bussines man . If there is a risk he will try alternate to balance . They all ways try new thing so that that the industry become famous in the world . Successful person never fill satisfied with one thing and all ways try new thing to develop is industries . He all ways try to open industries in other countrys . To establis his empire in the industry world . Business man that tho see the drem to become a famous bussines man he all ways take risk come up in life then only he feel satisfied . If he do hard work perticular on what he want to do . Nothing is permanent in the bussines so at any he have to take a risk . Bill gates who taken aris
(SPA,medium) For sure im totally agree with that statement , in adition to that i will explain why for two points of viewing , one personal and another more objective ; I remember long time ago , when i was studing a elemental school all teachers were making us to stock in our memory useless data , names and another crappy stuff that nowadays i still not using . Now im a Physic , and the most part of my personal world is ruled by mathematical laws , equallities , operators and overwhelming logic . I know this things cause my college professors taught me to smart-thinking by making me undertanding all from the basics , i.e : nothing about memmory but yes in understanding . This was a brief and personal explanaiton of why i am totally agree with the statement , now i will focus on reasons and examples to support my answer . Firstly , facts are of course useless if it have not a concept or idea within ( Newton and the apple falling is a ridiculous fact if Newton wasnt explained all with his Newtonian Mechanics theory , when we see that exists a force field called gravity ) . Of course facts are sometimes funny o funniest than an explanation of a concept , but talking in terms of use or importance , concepts wins . Imagine an example of a sciences student , to be more accurate a biology one ; in the college a professor says to his students that human body is made from water and carbon basically , its ok , but this is only a fact that contains only a partial true . The idea of the human body is the community of a lot of organisms living together to mutual advantage that are called cells , of course these cells are made of water and carbon , but that is only the fact that a lot of living units conforming the human body are chemical composed by water and carbon , the idea is that carbon and water could create different types of microscopic structures depending on his molecular structure giving place to the formation of cells . Well , if the student only knew that human body is made of carbon and water , nowadays organ transplants would be impossible , a lot of modern medical threatments also would be imposible , genetic therapy also would be impossible too , only cause we knew a partial true instead the big one .
(TUR,medium) Advertsiment has been one of the foremost discussion issue in my country as in many parts of the world in the last few decades . Altough some people do not think advertisments make products seem much better than they really are , dominant people think vice versa . According to the dominant people companies think their own budget , so their advertisemnts do not show true products . And I also think like dominant people . One of the crucial reasons for my belief is companies behave selffishly and they do not think the customer price . Companies show their products more attractive . That is why people want to buy this things . And as the time passes people are able to understand this products are not useful and beautiful as much as shown in the advertisement . Another reason for my belief is , people always want to have much more attractive products . Especially nowadays people do not think their needs instead they almost think atractiveness . In addition to this , companies know this situataion beacuse of this they advertise their product much better than they really are . Thus , this situation is good for both side , companies and customers , nobody complane from this situation . The last but least reason is that , companies always compete with each others for having much more reputation . Due to this reason They always want to show their products more useful and more qualty as well as more attractive . Hence , they want to advertise their products more efficiently . Moreover , sometimes products are not related with real ones . Taking the points I have mentioned above into consideration , it would be appropriate to say that companies use advertisement to have a bigger pforit . In addition to this , they use customers to acchieve their aims . Companies think selffishly , and they use people 's feelings which about the having more attractive products as well as they reflect their competitions to customers . All of these reasons I strongly hold the idea of advertisement make products seem much better than really are .
(ARA,medium) I think that most advertisements make products seems much better than they really are . They do make lots of goods more appealing , and colorful or handy . The truth reveals when you buy it and us it . Although advertisement is imprtant to a new products in the market , to show people a new line of food , computers or services . It does not require to run the advertisement too many times a day . I think that any good relaiable goods and services will eventualy control the market , regardless of how many times other products would run their advertisements because they will fail in the selling process as long as they are not as good . When I want to buy a computer , for example , I think first of Dell , although there are lots of other popular brands which they have lots of advertisements that run several times on several TV chanals and even on the newspapers . I still like Dells ' computer . I guess lerning from personal experiance is way more valiable than all the nice things you see and hear about a products in an advertisements . Another example of service . When it comes to a TV cable I like Direct TV , . This also because of a personal experiance . The service that I had before was not relaiable and nothing even close to what they advertise . You could never talk to a person when you call them after having a problem . Which happened to occure too many times . Like losing the singnal . Aside from that . I had always woundered how much these people ( producers ) are making to be able to afford these expensive advertisements . Because this tells me that the products would really be much cheaper if they have not wasted lots of money on these advertisements . Although the role of advertisements is very important , it mostly has been over used . for example , in the city where I live I keep seeing this advertisement on TV that talks about how wounderful this chain of resturants are . The funny part is , this chain of resturants is not existed in the state where I live . Total wast of money , unless they expect from me to travel to other state to have a dinner .
(FRE,high) Advertisement is a very important part of business nowaday and the aim is to sell . If you turn on the television you 're most likely to fall on commercials and this is very specific of the United States . I do think that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Just by the lightening , the way it is shot , food looks systematically better on TV or in picture than in your plate . There aim being to sell , they are not going to tell you that , in a month , your new vacuum cleaner will be broken or that it will leave dirt on your carpet . They want to show the best feature of the product and highlight it to the extrem . The problem is that sometimes commercials lie and that things should be defined and ruled because when you invest money on a product and expect a lot out of it , not because you are demanding but because you have been promised something , you are in your costumer 's right to demand reparation . It seems like there is no rule in advertisements and that lying has become a common talent but I do think that this type of practice has its dark side . In fact , anyone can tell when a commercial is over-selling a product to the point where it gets obviously and ridiculously outrageous . Few poeple are actually fooled by these . We are aware of it and have come to find it rather funny . But does this gives a bad image to the company and the product ? I do think so . I have a tendency to think that they are not serious with their costumers and therefore I am not interested in buying such a product . If the first answer to `` do advertisement make products seem much better than they are ? '' was `` yes '' I would give it a second thought and say that the ridicul of most of them totally diminish the work and the money spent on what is suppose to make the product look good . For me advertisements fail at that by failing at taking poeple serioulsly .
(JPN,high) Some people say that it is better to specialize in one specific subject , however I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . There are two reasons why I agree with this statement . For the first reason , when people go to the foreign counturies , people always face to the situation to give an information about their native country . For example , if a person is very specialize in the economics in Japan in 1950s , this person is able to explain how the Japanese developed their industry since then and other people are able to understand why the development of the industry was significant for the Japanese society , however , the problem is that there is a hidden process that the development of the industry brought the serious pollution problems to the Japanese citizens . If the people only focus on the history in this case and do n't know anything about the environmental affect on the Japanese citizens in today by the industliarization in 1950s , other countries would understand about the history in Japan but not able to understand completely about other important factors occuring in Japan . For the second reason , if we have broad knowledge of many academic subject , it could help a lot of people in the society . For example , in recent years , the population of the Indians are significantly increasing and if it doubled in the future time , they are not able to manage to get all food supply and service from the workers and the government . However , if people are able to see this problem historically , economically and environmentally , people are able to come up with the idea to carry out the significant treatment , it encourages many Indians to get food supply and service and more number of people are able to survive as long as possible . As a conclusion from the above statements , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects to inform other people to understand a particular thing in many point of views and it encourages people to find out the way they are able to live comfortably .
(ITA,medium) What I can say is that in twenty yaears we will probably witness the change af the whole concept of car , regarding thier number anyway , I do n't think it will lessen too much . At least as far as our civilization will save unchanged its concept of progress and wellfare . I believe two main choices or possibilities are open to us , talking of personal moving devices : we can keep integrating the old concept of personal car with our newest hi-tech-toys and systems ( and this is indeed happening ) , either we can use our latest tchnological achievments in order to radically change the hard problem of massive and personal transportation , and try , int his way , to cope with other big unsolved problems too : such as pollution , democratic acces to technology , urban traffic and public transportation . It is a matter of fact that the main source of energy for our society , ( that 's oil , petroleum ) , on which is based also the whole productive chain of our new millenium culture , wo n't last for ever . Thus answering about the population of cars within twenty years becomes quite a complex subject . Just consider that a similar crisis , the lack of the source energy ( slaves ) which was at the base of their productive system , deeply contributed to the fall of Roman Empire ... and yet we do not have reports about wondering whether in their future the Romans would have used slaves for their leptigae or something else . Jokes a part everyone must consider two points : are we ready to submit our health , our money , and in times like these our peace as well , to a small group of man 's greed , who want to sqeeze the last drop of oil out of the earth and the last cent from our pockets ? And then , would it be possible that an old device such as a car has become defintely obsolete in more than one hundred years ? Because otherwise you see , I really cannot understand why a tool supposed to improve our speed and mobility nowdays just jam us more than else . Concluding I suppose cars will remain as we know them untill someone will be able to earn money from them , then , after , I hope something will change at least in its same idea , transorming the car in something really useful , m ore than
(SPA,medium) I disagree with the statement that `` young people tend to enjoy life more than older people do '' because having a fulfilling life does not depend of age as people can have the same activities or responsabilities . Although many people would believe that age is a factor for happiness , this is a false statement because older people can enjoy life by having the same activities that young people have . Many adults might not see hapiness as simply partying or having holidays ; however , this does not mean that they are unable to do these activities . Adults tend to value things that young people do not see as part of their daily hapiness ; such as , having a family . And , they choose to stay home with their families instead of going out with frinds to the closest pub . Nevertheless , the activities someone does depend on personal choice and should not be confuse with matter of age . Other people believe that young people enjoy more life because they have less responsabilities ; however , this is not completely true . With globalization , young people are facing more challenges everyday . They not only have to obtain the best grades they can get at school to secure a future job , but also they have to become self-relient at an early stage to help paying for their education . On the other hand , adults are seeing everyday people better prepare in the workforce , and they have to return to the classrooms to obtain more knowledge which is a responsability that many people associate with youn . In this way , adults do not necesarily have more moral or monetary responsabilities than young people that avoids them to enjoy life . In conclusion , for people to enjoy life should not be seen as a matter of age because anyone can choose to have not only the same activities , but also the same responsabilities . Heppiness depends on free will which all humans posses .
(ITA,medium) I do agree with the statement . Facts are important above all as example or expression of the concept wich is behind them . Facts are for sure important because they can explain things . They can help rememberimg a thing ; they can focused the attenction on a peculiar aspect of the subject , can be helpfull to explain or capture the ideas wich they follow . You can remeber all the facts that you like , but if you had well understand concepts you will be able to recombine them in different and original ways . You may be able analize even different situation following the same concept . To explain better my point of view I 'll take some accademic subjects as examples . For istance It is not important , to me , remembering dates and hours of every single battles as long as you can remeber how the war went , why it broke out , who were fiting and why . In history what it is crucial is the general setting of the period . Another good example can be even a scientific subject as the chemistry . It is not essential to remeber wich specific salt and wich peculiar base are combined ( facts ) , as long as you rember the way the reaction goes and wich is the result ( concept ) . Reffering to enother subject as sociology what it is important , for example , it is to remember that someone 's behaviour can be modified by the society 's response to his action . Keep in mind every single possible society 's reaction it is not that crucial . To resume my point of view in few world : If I can propely understand the concept and the idea of what I 'm learning I will be able even to elaborate them and to use it even in different suituation . I can recombine concepts in different ways , I can adapt them to a variety of sistuations I might need to analize .
(JPN,medium) I agree with that people had better have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . There are two reasons . First , it make people who do not have broad knowledge oto have difficulties in the companie or society . When we get jobs or enter the schools , we have oppotunities of talking with many people . At the time , However , we have only one spcific knowledge , for example the knowledge about mathematics , we can speak only about mathematics . It has possibility of giving other people the impression that you are boring person . It is very dagerous and we may be not able to lead a nice our lives in the society . Second , to studying one specific subject make your future very narrow one . For example , when the person who have been studying the mathematics in order to be a professor changes his or her mind and the person want to be a animal doctor , what the person should do ? He or she has the knowledge only about mathematics so he or she can not change his or her future job now . The person who have studied only one specific subject can not change or dicide their future again once they decided thier future in thier childhood . In conclusion , to specialize in one specific subject have dagerousness possibilities in deciding of the futures . Therefore , I agree with the former statement .
(KOR,low) Yes , I agree with this idea . Now a days , too many cars are running in the raod , in the city , every where . I have read in the newspaper with the research , 70percent of the families has thiere own car , and many of them in a family has the average car of two . The problem here is , the cars are polluting the air , and too many cars are leading us to traffics . Many people are stressed with this problem also . So the people here in korea recently started riding bus or subways going to work and home . But still , many cars . Not only the cars are polluting , but the soaps and trashes .. etc . When i walk around , I even can smell the bad gas on the air , and the part , it is getting worse . So many scientist and people are searching and trying to reduce the pollutions . And the fasted way to lessen is by riding bus or subways . We surely have to do something about this , if we love our country . Let 's say for example , like advertising alot , teaching our kinds , and leaving the car often at house parking lot , riding with neigh If we want to live in a beautiful country , ofcourse we have to take good care of our home place also . So no matter what the reason is , we have to start as soon as possible . By twenty years from now , I agree that there will be fewer cars . Changing few habby 's will save our world .
(GER,medium) Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I will argue in favour of this statement by using several supporting aspects which are directly related to the topic . One big reason why this statement is true , is that individualism and personal achievement concerning the own career are becoming the ultimate goal for everyone in society . There is no time and room left to help old people , take care of children or foster public compounds . Due to that increasing egotism , young people show a lack of responsibility and careness of their direct human counterparts in their nearby communities . Modern art of life is strongly indicating that personal achievement is a must-have and a life surviving necessity to every young , ambitious and aspiring man or woman . So if everyone is preoccupied by reaching his own goals , there is no progress of society anymore . In fact , society would decrease and looses all its values or achievement it has reached over the centuries . So individuality and egotism inevitably leads to a downgraded society and is a real danger to everyone living in this society . So young people should spend more time by supporting society in a way each fits in best . It is even a duty for young energetic people to supplement their power and vitality to support their surrounding community . A equilibrium between helping communities and personal achievement must be reached by everyone . But this must be taught bei the elder society members , and thus this message must be conveyed from top to bottom . If the adults can ' t reach the young people no more , one must not wonder about the growing egotism and refusal to support local or federal community . In my opinion this is a real problem to society and will preoccupy us a lot in the future . The failures of the previous generations are now seen in their offspring .
(TUR,medium) I totally disagree we as the youth give our time to help out the communitiey . Well people might seem like they do n't care but they do novadays people think that caring and feeling strongly about something is a sing of weakness well I beg to differ . There are tons of great examples of how the young people misbehave but remember although they might be young they are referred to as ` PEOPLE ' therefore they should be threated as such . As you might remember just a couple of years ago there was this huge concert held in couple of diffrent places called ` Live 8 ' just just like angels from above these thousands of selfless youngsters came from all around the world not to see their favourite singers , bands and etc. to perform but to give the less fortunate ones another chance to ` make poverty history ' what day said . That is a perfect example of how much young people care about their surroundings . I for an example do charity on a regular basis for example not because I want to but because i should i sometimes go out with less pretty girls it doesnt make me more popular but it helps girls feel confident of them selves . Now if that is not caring and helping i do n't know what is . Once a great man said ` We are the world We are the children ' as much as i dispise the man who said it I have to agree children are our future and if people have problems with the way they behave remember it 's becasue of how your generation effected our 's . To sum up young people know are as caring to their surroundings as you are because thats what they learned from you and that is exactly how you learned from your fathers and mothers . But we will break the chain thus once againg prooving my point that we are infact caring and helping .
(HIN,high) Most of the people are happy with the knowledge they have or say they are unconcerned about new topics , while some other type of people , have an appetite to do new things that is try out new things . My type of category is the second one , So i would go with and agree to the statement - `` Succesfull people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well. '' for their insatiable curiosity , always active and open , risk involved . Unquenchable curiosity is the driving force behind all the successfull people . It is this force which keeps them engaged in their work . As for example , let us consider an scientist . He is a person always wanting to know how thing work , what will happen next , what would be the response if i do it that way - are some of the question arousing in minds of these mens . Thomas alva edison is one of the most succesfull scientist & a men with these virtues . He experimented with around 1200 ideas , and finally invented the electric bulb . It was this appetite for inventing , rather say doing things differently from rest of the mass made him a successfull person . Always active and open to ideas is an another attribute of the wise . They clasp or hug new ideas with open arms . Isaac newton can be a considered to be a part of this species . Everyone saw apple falling but only newton was the one to cast doubts by thinking `` why that apple fell . '' By taking calculated risk they take their bussiness , principles to peak or pass off as an forlorn entity . A whole lot of people get success by trying out new things differently and innovating an already active idea . Some of the ingredients of these kind of people is their curiosity towards their work , their open mind and the ability to take risk . To be successful in life , a person has to be : keen towards his work , open to different views by different peoples and the ability to take some good risk ... atleast once .
(CHI,medium) I do n't agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . When you travel in a group led by a tour guide , you may feel safe because you cannot lost your way in a where you are not familiar with . On the other hand , if you travel in a group led by a tour guide , you may not have the access to the place where you really desire to go because you have mere free time to travel freely . You will feel like you were bound with somthing . For example , you are going to the kind of place of interesting , such as holy Tibet , you can only enjoy yourself in a quite situation , watching the chiru running over the great grassland . The tour guide 's words will sometime become a kind of disturbing . Sometimes , even there is no need to follow a tuor guide . For instance , if you go to Hong Kong , which is extremely narrow but is famous for its Disneyland and the famous goods in low prices during the end of the year , you can spend a joyful holiday with a tour map , benefiting from the highly developed transpotation . Third , you may feel very tired when you travel in a group led by a tour guide because the schedule is very fasten . you may travel in the car during the night to get to another place that you will visit the next so that you cannot get good rest in the night . Finally , I suggest that those who have the ability to travel by yourself do not travel in a gruop led by a tuor guide .
(JPN,high) In my opinion , I disagree with the idea in the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . I 'd like to give several reasons belows . Here is the list of reasons why I think so . One specific reason that comes readily to mind is that I am able to not only go anywhere with whomever I want to but also change the schedule of travel flexiblly by myself if I go to travel individually . In traveling to somewhere , I 'd rather want to go not only very popular place but also such a place where it is not so famous . For example , it happened when I went to germany with my family by not a tour . After traveling several days in Germany , I went to a small church with my father in early morning . Of course I also visit very famous place , for example the church of Kelln , but at that time , I was so impressed by the beauty of that small church . It is one of the greatest experience for me during my stay in Germany . Like this , Of course visiting famous place by a tour group is good , but I want to go to a place which is not presented by a tour guide . I think that tour group tend to visit only popular place . Secoundly , I can be excited by planning a tour itself . When I travel to somewhere , I always take long hours for planning and organizing the schedule of trip . I 'd like to consider how I will go round , where I will go and so on . I can learn the geographic condition of a place or the weather pattern of a place by planning by myself . It 's preferable for me . Planning travel is very exiciting activity . If I went to a trip by a tour group , I would not be able to plan on any schedule because a tour guide must make overall plan . Of course , I ca n't deny that there should exist some advantages in traveling by a tour group . If we travel by a tour group , we can receive detail explanation about some histrical heritage or cultural things . And we may go a place where we ca n't find by ourself because a tour guide is a proffesional and he or she must knows well about sightseeing spot than us . This idea may make an equally valid argument for the opposite position . But on careful consideration , I strongly believe that advantageas brought by traveling individually must exceed those by traveling by a tour group . Considering all of the above factors , of course there are some advantages in traveling by a tour group , I find more advantages in making a trip individually . Actually , I tend to change my schedule many times during my trip inherently , I think my nature does n't fit the trip by a tour group . Trip that I can change the schedule flexiblly is far more fascinating for me .
(ARA,low) my first words will be ( with no depet the success does not come just like that it depance on your skills and on how can you risk offcurse i agree that successful people have to try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well for an example lets take the sport any sport and lets say football or socer and because i play socer i know that the player or keeper must not stayed or depandence on one skill he have to train hardlley and every day to improve his skills even if there was some rescue espacelly for the goal keeper because he have to learn how to jump for the ball with no fritend to get heart or hit by anther player and this only one example and it is aprooved that any one has to get him self in risk just like i sayed in the begin and any one has to get in his mind that his name will be mention as agreat man one day and for anther example lets take the police work espaclley the officer because he didnt hot the stars for nothing he chasets the cemanels and fights the crime only for his family and country and he is wisting no time on setting behaind his office he always train hard to keep his fet on and try to get haier palce and i think those to exampels are enough for you and me to make sure that are the seccessful people not only have but must to try and learn new things and risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well to be on of the greatest men who lived in this country and died on it )
(JPN,medium) I agree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . First , I think the ideas and consepts make the facts . Just a fact as it is has no meaning . For example , as for studing history , `` something war '' is not important . Why they began war , what did the war bring them , is important to study . Second , if students understand iedas and consepts , they can possibly make better facts from same ideas and concepts . Let 's assume that the students studied about ideas and concepts of the cars , some students maight think about other type of viecles . It may grow the imagination of the students . Third , if students did n't understand ideas and concepts , they could use facts in the wrong way . It is sometimes dangerous . When I worked in Sushi restaurant as a Sushi chef , I trained a young lady . She did n't know why we used the rubber globes for cleaning . She touched the detergent by bear hand . Then her hand b This is why I think understanding ideas and concepts are more important for students .
(CHI,medium) Cars which are the most typical transportations are widely used by the people all over the world . But lately people found that cars also should responsible for the serious air pollutions . So , according to this reason , many people requires the government to restrict the number of the cars and they believe that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years . I do n't quite agree with this statement for following reasons . Though too many cars will pollute the air , it is a convenient way to travel by car . And this thought will not change for only a couple of scores . There may be many kind of transportations , such as bus , subways , planes , ships and so on , but not can be compared as cars . Take me for an example , if I want to go to a supermarket which is 4 miles away from my home , what transport would I first consister ? Of cause the car ! I do n't want to waste my time to wait for a bus , it is unable to take plane or ship and the subway station is far away from my house . In conclution , unless we invent another kind of transportation , cars wil still become the best transportaion in decades The biggest problem of the car , everyone can tell , is the waste air and smoke . Cars use gasline as their power and release harmful gases which pollute the air . Gasline may be run out and air should never be polluted . However , this problem can be solved . Recently , many car builders have invent new cars that use solar power rather than gasline . This is sure to help protect our natural resources and our environment . The overcrowed roads may be the second biggest problem . Many of people think that we must solve it , otherwise we will hard to move efficiently . But this problem is due to the over-growing population , it 's not the cars ' fault . If the population decreases , this problem will not exsit . So this is not the excuse not using the car . All in all , we must find a positive way to solve the problem . Using the solar power and solve the road problem , the car will still be useful and helpful . As a result , the car will not decrease in twenty years .
(CHI,medium) Young people and old people have different life styles . As far as I am concerned , young people has more methods of enjoying life than old people . In the following paragraphs , I will reasoning and provide examples to support my opinion . Young people are full of energy , which means that besides their study and work , they have much more energy to have fun . Young people are normally in good health so they do not feel tired after work and fun . At night , the dancing bars are full of young people . They dance , talk to each other and drink together . During the holidays , young people drive to the mountain or the sea shore for hunting , canoeing or hiking . Because old people need more time to recover from the tiredness of the work , they cannot spend as much time as the young people on the holiday travels . They normally stay at home and watch the TV or chat with their old friends . Young people have more new methods to enjoy the life because their brains run faster than old people . Because there are a lot of pressure from the job , young people need more methods to remove the pressure otherwise their health will be damaged . Young people develop new methods everyday and then spread them all over the world . They practise new methods of entertainment and discuss them on the network . On the contrary , old people normally stick to few kinds of entertainment for a long time and do not want to try new methods . Old people know how to enjoy life and they have their methods of enjoying life . But comparing with the young people , they spend less time and energy in enjoying the life . From the above discussions , it is safe to conclude that young people enjoy the life more than older people .
(TEL,high) Both young and old people could enjoy life . It entirely depends on the individuals . This can be better described by explaining the terms ` joy ' and ` happiness ' . The chief reason for my view is that the way people enjoy their life entirely depends on the way they percieve happiness . Some people tend to experience happiness even at their bad times . We see defense personnel of a country showing a lot of pride when they loose their lives in a war . This is unusual in the case of other individuals . The other reason for my view is that joys and sorrows are part and parcel of the life , and one has to encounter these two situations in a happy way . We see great sport persons on the television who , at worst of their times on the field tend to carry a smile on their face . Some of them , winning matches even out of such situations . The reason being playing the sport in the true spirit by understanding the complexities of the game . Others might argue that the way people enjoy their life is influenced by many factors such as their economic status , freedom and liberty . i.e in making their decisions , ambience , health status etc . But the point I emphasize in my views is that one cannot have all the mentioned factors which are materialistic . Every individual lack something . In sum , I concur that people who learn to get satisfied with what they have and who do n't obsess on what they lack tend to enjoy their life more . It is not the age factor ( . i.e young or old ) , but , it is the attitudes of the people which determine how much they enjoy their life .
(ARA,low) No one can deny that the country needs alot of work and effort to become stronger . so all the countries deppend in her people to become one of the best countries in the wold and that would not be until the all commmunity work hard to reach that . So if we really want to become one of the best we should work hard ; and i mean by we ; all the people in the country young and old poeple because the county not only for one person it is forthe whole people in the community . So about the question i think that i disagree with this statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities because i think that young people is the basec of the community and without young people there would be no community . moreover , the community deppend most on the young generation becuase they have the effort and the ablity to work for a long time without complaning . besides , the young people have the strong and the health to work in different places . but nowadays there is alot of ald people who say that young people do not give enough time to helping the community and that is of course not corret because alot of young men nowadays can not find a job so they con not help there community . but in the other hand nowadays there is alot of other young people who works hard and they are really interesting in there job so the give it there whole time and effort besides , the are creating alot of new things in the community that are very useful for nowaday and for the future . So after all this things that the young people had made nobody can egnore there importance in the community .
(TEL,medium) Nowadays , modern man became very much busy with making money . He has totally forgotten the morals and ethics and he has forgotten about the importance of inter relation ship between individuals . Young people now fall under this criterion now . Young people now are filled with ego . They are generally egocentric , self centered who have apathy for the other issues which are taking place with out involving him . So any problem in the community doesnt make him to think about the issue . young people now adays are doing any work if there is any material gain in their work . We know that from generation to generation the people have changed and the relationship between them also changed . As , the world is devoloping lot , there is more competetion in the world . So , the young people spend much of there time how to evolve victorious or successful in this competitive world . Young people are generally over ambitious . so , they fail to understand in the sociable relations and fail to be amicable or convivial . They spent a lot of time in schools studying over the vast syllabus eating away all the time and energy . They dont even sometimes have time to do their work properly because of the hectic work schedule . As many of the young students prefer to be independent rather than depend on adults for money for their expanses . so , the individualism also have an indirect impact on the young people for helping the community . So , the people will be busy in getting money by doing part time jobs in the night or any time when they are free . This keeps them restricted in involving themselves for the community help . This young people some times have no time to sleep and cannot concentrate in the community help . We cannot fully blame the young people for that . it is the life style which changed the relations so , i think strongly that young peo [ ple should concentrarte more on community .
(GER,medium) First I would measure that I agree with tihs statement . A great number of advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . I would give two examples to explain my opinion : A good example you can find in politics . Next to an election the politicians show their programm and everyone of them emphasize that his programm is the best and solve all of the problems the nation has . It 's like a competition . The advertisement visualize the programms , send some television spots and organize big public events to present the candidats of the election . But when the election is over most time the winners ca n't solve the problems . The national economy do n't grow up and there will be not creating a new street through the town . The people will experience that all that big competition was a fake . An other example are television spots for a kind of product , for example furniture , cars , food , and so on . When the producers make the television spot they use big lights and there are people in the spot who looks very good . The purpose is , that they would take the product in a `` goog light '' . Food appears very healthy and the car is blinking in the spot . The consumer see that spot and is really exited to buy this product . I can say this about my behaviour , too . Last week , for example , I saw a spot about a new coffee taste . The next day I 've run to the supermarket and I 've looked about the product . In front off I see that the coffee cinsists sugar and that you have to put it in water to drink it . Thus I realised that the advertisement had done the best to make the product seem much better than it really is . In assumption I can say that we have to really pay caution every day , that we do n't are
(JPN,medium) I agree this statement , `` it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . I 've been going to school for 12 years . I am a high school student . I learn many things at school . My favorite class is English class which i think is the most important subject we have to learn . In English class , we read some books and discuss what the book tells us . When we discuss about the books , everybody has different opinion and it is stimulating to know what other people say and figure out what the author is trying to say . There are too many messages in books for a person to understand by oneself . I think we need to discuss with many people who are smarter and have different ideas . The books do n't tell us facts . They tell us ideas and concepts . That 's why we need to get together and find those ideas and concepts . Those ideas and concepts are only clear to the author who writes the book . The author tries to tell other people his ideas and concepts by writing books , but it is impossible for him to perfectly tell them . This is the reason we keep studying ideas and concepts , and i think it is important for us to understand them . I think ideas and concepts are more important than facts . Facts are like the things we learn in physics , chemistry or math . We need to know all those facts to be investors or some scientists , but i do n't think learning facts is the main purpose of education . I always have a special feeling for being a human , because we can not only know the facts , but also creats ideas and concepts . Other animals can not do that . I think to understand ideas and concepts make us more cultivated and better in many ways . Facts let us know what is going in the world we see , and ideas and concepts let us know what is going on in our mind . I think it is more important to understand ideas and concepts because they have deeper meanings and they will make us better people . I believe that 's we have to do throughout
(TUR,medium) The statement asserts that young people enjoy life more than elderly people do . Many individuals believe that young people have a lot of energy and opportunities to enjoy life . Some individuals think age is not important to get satisfaction from life . I agree that person do not need more energy for enjoying life . Also for me , age is not important and the important thing is person 's mind . First , you can be twenty years old , but you can not find anything about enjoying life . Who can help you ? Person 's own belief is very important for enjoying and being hapinness . If person thought he \ she is very old to enjoy life , everything finishes there . For example , my granddad enjoys life more than me . Because I am very pesimistic about my life but my granddad enjoys life in every situation . Second , elderly people have alot of experiences about enjoying life . For example , I can not create a lot of opportunities for my self but my dad can find activities easier than me . He starts to stupid things for me but for him they are very extreme events . Third , young people seek a lot of reasons for enjoying life . For example , I can not get satisfaction easily from every result but my mom can be happy and enjoy life with very small things . In conclusion , people ' mind are very important to enjoy life . One disadvantage for young individuals they do not have many experiences to get satisfaction . Second one is young people look for many details for being happy .
(FRE,medium) Some people have a great amount of knowledge , they know many subjects and are able to work in different contexts . If those knowledges were all deepened it would be ideal because people would be totally flexible and they would have a great deal of culture . On the contrary , others prefer to specialize in a specific subject and know it perfectly well . Personnally , I think it is very interesting to know many things , to be able to talk about many subjects but I am not sur that it is very efficient on the ground . I mean that it may be attractive to study several subjects when one is at school but in the end of one 's cursus it is necessary to specialize in one particular subject to know more about it . For exemple , undergraduate students in business schools study finance , management , marketing ... and finally they choose a specialisation before getting a job . That is necessary to be really efficient since the beginning . On the contrary , someone who will have just studied many subjects without being specialized will have knowledges but not deep knowledges on one particular item . However , I reckon that it is necessary to have studied many subjects before specialising not only because of flexibility at work but also for one 's own culture . Indeed , it can be interesting to understand how the other workers do , what is the background of what people see every day . For instance could be interesting for a mathematic teacher to know geography too or to have basis in economy ... Having broad knowledge of many academic subject can be very useful but i think that specialisation is also necessary to be really efficient at work .
(KOR,medium) Many people are afraid when they try something new . On the other hand , some people enjoy the afraid feeling and the risks . Many times , the some people , who try something not familiar , could be successful , fortunately . In my opinion , trying new things is effective and essential to make one 's life and others ' lives successful . The first reason why I think trying something new is right is that it needs to be brave . Even though there are a lot of damages and risks as you try a new thing , the difficulties probably can give chances to your life . Bravery is one of the most important factors in order to not only be success but also live confidence . In that , trying something new means the person is very brave , which need to be self-esteem oneself . I believe someone , who loves oneself , can enjoy his or her life . In addition , trying something new gives more oppurtunities . If you do what you already know how to do well , you would probably do not fail . However , you cannot success as much as you want , because the ordinary thing is for everyone . The new things are only way to get more oppurtunities . For example , Bill Gates is the richest person in the world . However , at first , his company was not that much wealthy to make him the wealthiest person in the Earth , because `` computer business '' was not famous , then . Fortunately , Gates chanllenges into the new field , and he attains his goals and helps other humans to enjoy computers . Finally , trying new things makes the world improved . When people who try new things success , it means the world becomes more comfortable . Such as many inventors , scientists , or artists are the person who do express their idea in a new thing . Because of their bravery , many human beings ' lives become more convenience and interesting . Successful people who try new things should be honoured by other people . I also want to be a successful people in order to improve not only me and but also other people . Even though the first time to try new things is hard , I will not be afraid of doing that . For thes reasons , I think trying new things is effective and essential to make one 's life and others ' lives happier .
(TEL,medium) While man is growing he learns a lot of information about how to behave , how to live , how to survive in the society , which is good and which is bad , because all are essential while growing . In this way the education is also very important to a person . Beginning from childhood he learnt several things . By studying different fields of subjects he can get a variety of knowledge about different topics . Like if he studies history he knows about past historical stories , and while learning science he have a knowledge about health and reasons for scientifical things , like that if we study different areas then we can get more knowledge related to all fields . That is the reason childrens are studying in the school days in different subjects . Upto high school education it gives all the basic principles presented in related subjects , while coming to higher education it is differs and confining to less subjects because we want to specialize in some particular areas which we like most . Then if a student is interested in maths he takes that subject and studying it , and another student interested in the other subject and takes that subject as a major subject and acquires proficiency in that area . In my opinion it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects upto graduation level . Why because upto that level we get some idea about all basic principles behind in it . as the studies go on as like master 's degree than it is better to take a single subject rather than taking several subjects . That is the time to be specialize in specific subject . Why because by studying all the subjects at that time also there is no use , if we become familier with one subject we can find new things which is very useful to us . Finally i agree with the opinion that it is better have broad knowledge on many academic subjects upto graduation level which results in good results .
(HIN,high) I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . As we all know , that innovation is one of the key factors that leads to the growth of economy of a particular nation . Similarly , for a person to be successful he has to come up with something creative , a new concept , a new idea that will generate him wealth and and hence growth in life . Another thing is that its a human tendency to go for a change , try something new , something different , and as rightly said , `` variety is the spice of life '' . For example , back in old days , women in India did not work and most of them were house wives , with all the time they have with them to cook the food using traditonal gas . But , when women in India started working they didnt have enough time to cook . Somebody thought of introducing a concept of microwave , an instant cooking machine , and it was a hit conept . Same is with the introduction of washing machines than washing the clothes with hands . With this human tendency in mind , definitely a entrepenuer should take full advantage of it and he will be successful . But , at the same time it very important for a person to know whats the new thing he is going to try . He cannot just come up with the idea which may not be liked by the people or or may not be a hit in a particular market . He should really do a good study of the market he is targetting , otherwise the risk is not worth it . To sum up , in order for the person to be successful its a good idea to try new things and take risks , but the risk should be a well evaluated risk , with all the factors considered properly .
(SPA,medium) I agree with this statement . Today 's life it so annoying and stressing , we must give some changes to our daily rutine , we ca n't be of only thought , today we live on a multicultural world in wich we must rescue something of each culture . With this statement i do not mean to be a musulman or a catholic , but I mean to respect diversity . We live for our work , for our job and our bussiness , I belive it 's alright to test new things , new feelings , and maybe be happy with them . I 'll use myself for this example . I am a studen of Odonthology in a recognized university in Chile , my mission is to fulfill what my parents and me want , this is ... finishing my career as soon as possible . It 's my goal too , but to my goal I add many more activities . For example I like sports , I love sports , I 'm a basketballer , and a soccer player too , besides tracking running in school . I know I passed to another part okf my life but I wo n't give up sports on me . It 's an emotion that fills me when i 'm on the court , specially on the zone . I just love it . I think I am a sucsessful man . Risks perssue me , because I have few time to study , my University is quite difficult , and sports for me now ... could be a bad choice . The big problem , or the great disscusion is that I love sports , and i 'm not able to leave them apart from my life . And this essay 's awnser is quite simple , I belive we have to fight for the things we want , that sometimes we have to be ambicious and work as twice as we are doing now , because 10 years later I do n't want to regret that I took the wrong desition . I 'm not willing to make that error , I 'm choosing both my career and my passion , sports .
(TEL,low) successful people try new things because they dont what to do same as others . they wants to do different compare to others . when they do different from other they can prove themself . when they can prove themself they get confidence . i agree following statement because they can do different and they wants to prove different from others and they think different compare to others . when they do some work they thinks they have to fine work in time . but they will also get failure but they will try to get success . they dont want to loss they confidence . they will try and try untill they get success in that work . when that type of thinking person they will get success they dont get failure word also . when they think like this they can take risk rather then normal work . thats the region i support to successful person but one think i disagree with that people because they dont think to help others and they will not encarage person thats the region i disagree to that people . people most encarage other then only others can also do different compare to them when they support other people then only people can do different compare to them . they already know how to reach the goal and how they can get success when they know how to reach the goal they can get success also and they have confidence on themself that the main region they get success in they life when the man think confidence on they work they will get success only they will not get failure . they think like that only . when we get success in over life over confidence level will also increase . we know the way how to get successfull that the region i agree with successfull person .
(FRE,high) In the industralized world , it is a common practice to advertise different products in order to generate as much profit as possible . This method is used in different ways like television , internet , newspapers and magazines . A close look at these advertisements will unveil the negative effect that they have on the consumer . As a matter of fact , most advertisements are based on profit making . The products are shown by their advertisors as the ultimate solution for a problem . For example , a detergent company may resort to showing the negative effects of using another material and suggest the use of their product . This logic is not based on a scientific approach . It stems from a an irrational and inhuman desire in profit . To make things worse , some companies would not even advertise the real product . Instead , they only display a sample and sell a completely different type of product later . Therefore , this method pushes customers to be more aware of advertisements . Another factor that explains why products are not shown as they actually appear in reality is the ineffectiveness of the product itself . For instance , in the car industry , any advertisement of any car will ensure the buyer of the reliable vehicle , but reports made by different consumer agencies have shown the misleading ways that the advertisement relies upon . The company , for example , will not stress the importance of the engine , but they will show the luxurious interior of the car . As a result , consumers are trapped between what 's real and what 's not . A lot of people lose their money because of what they saw on television and a lot of warnings of those misleading ads have been shown . Also several courts legal agencies hve long debated whether companies should not lie in those promotional messages that they support . To conclude , consumers should not take advertisements as they are . A more rational approach to propaganda should be adopted . I consider much of the advertising companies an obstacle in face of the true human progress .
(FRE,medium) The emprovement of the educational system is a current issue in every contries . We try to kow if it is better for the students to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . What would be the best solution in a world where employment safety is realy rare . In one side some studies require to be realy specialized in one specific subject , because some jobs are only made for specialized workers . That is the case of medical suties for example . When we have an heart disease we want to have the best specialist , somone who realy knows everything about the subject and tha will better be able to cure you . If you study one specific subject you will have more time to learn everything about the subject . Nothing will disturb you from your studies . You can concentrate on one thing and it is easier . You will be better on your future job if your knowledge is realy good on the subject you are working on . On the other side studiing only one specific subject can just fit to people who wants to be specialist and who realy knows what he wants to be later . There are a lot of students who are still uncertain of what they want to become . That is why , sometimes it can be better to have a broad knowledge of academic subjects . You can discover different subjects and see what realy fits you and what would be the better job you would like to do . Some studies are really general , for examle business . They teach you a lot of things in business schools : marketting , management , languages ... and sometimes even history of religion . It is realy good on a personal point of view to have broad knowledge . For example when you learn economis you will be able to understand the news , the political problems and the everyday life better . You can make you a personal point of view of everything tha surrounds you . Furthermore in the present economic situation , with all the unemployment problems , it is better to have studied different subjects . On the job market now quite every one has to be multifonctional , to be able to do everything . A lot of people now change jobs minimum once in theuir life . The more they know subjects , the easier it will be to find a job . You will have more choice . To conclude , specialization is necessary in certain jobs were you are required to have strong knowledge on your subject . But it is more and more usefull to have broad knowledge .
(ARA,high) Typically , it is a common misconception that young people would enjoy life more than older people do . It is infact true that younger people have more potential to enjoy life , although it is the sad truth that some do not . Some of the more older people in the world probably enjoy life much more than younger people . I believe that with the right mindset , enjoying life is not a matter of age . Younger people have more capable bodies to play sports or do very difficult activities , such as mountain climbing . A child at the age of five would not have many worries with almost no responsability . They would continue running around , thinking of nothing but their next desire . A teenager would exhibit realizations of responsability . They would have to keep up with their grades , and their social life , etc . Although , a teenager still does not have a goal set for their life . Some have a theory that they have the so-called `` teen angst '' in which they rebel against many different situations and/or persons in their life . This is an example of how a younger person may not enjoy life more than an older person does . An older person should be wise enough to do the right thing and act the right way . Another example could be if a person was put into a very bad situation . For instance , if the teenager or child was living in the more disease prone areas of Africa . They probably would not be having so much fun , especially with the political instability and the little amount of food around . An older person , on the other hand , usually has a foot in the direction they would want to follow . They would not have the ability to , for instance play ninty minutes of soccer in one of the major clubs of the world , although they could still enjoy such past-times as golf . An older person would probably have had the resources set around himself/herself to be in some way succesfull . It is up to them whether they want to follow that path or any other . In conclusion , it is only ourselves limiting the enjoyment of life . It is true , with some situations , there really is not much you could do , although we have to make the best of what we have . So once again , it is not true that young people enjoy life more than older people .
(KOR,medium) People , especially students , often discuss whether having some specific knowledge about one sucject is better than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects . However , I strongly believe that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is more useful . This rational behind this that it allows people to have more chance to get a job . Furthermore , students can learn well-balanced educations . In Korea , most big companies want to recruit someone who has broad knowledge . That is because these kinds of people are more helpful to them to make a large amount of money . As everyone knows , as a matter of fact , having broad knowledge of many subjects has a disadvatage which leads to shallow knowledge . However , this advantage can eclipse this disadvantage . From my own experience , when i was a university student , i took a lot of academic courses such as biology , computer and spanish . So , I got some advantage when I got into my company , SAM-SUNG . On top of that , Students can get well-balanced educations . Basically , the purpose of school is educating their students about many subjects . That is because having specific knowledge about some courses is like picky . I mean when children eat their meals , they usually pick up what they want such as meat . So , it leads to health problem , obesity , which causes various health problem . I bet that having specific knowledge is definetly harmful for their personality or their future . Taking all of these into account , I have no doubt in my mind that having a lot of knowledge of many academic subjects is helpful for people in our future to reach our goals .
(TUR,medium) There are two kinds of people around us in basics , successful ones and unsuccessful ones . There are a lot of reasons affecting the success or causing the unsuccess , we all aware of them . But when we search the lives of successful people , we generally face with some success stories . Nearly all of these stories starts with a risk factor . but in my opinion I am against having too much risk in life . At this point I want to give a saying that I heard in my school life `` more about less or less about more '' . When I am asked to choose one of them , I chose more about less part . Because I believe that specializing on the area you are working will be the best and guaranteed way of being successful . When we think about our daily life we can see the examples supporting my idea . For example , think about two restaurants one is specialized on pizza , and the other has a lot of kinds plus pizza . And you want to eat pizza . Most of the people around us will choose the pizza restaurant because the human logic states that `` they are experts on this job '' . To be successfull i believe that person must be one of the bests in his/her area . But at this point I want to clerify something . What I mean here in text by success is not money , therefore rich people are not accepted as successful in my mind . My successful persondefinition is that `` someone who contributes much to society '' . In order to earn big moneys it is true that you must have risks , but successful people , in my mind , are the ones who are really knows what to do and can see far future from today . In this way a person can react to the changes in society quickly and this can result in reactions that may make people think as if the person is taking risks . But the person knows the reasons and the result of the reaction very well so that he can see the success that other people can not see at that point . To sum up I want to ask a question ; Living is risk by its own why to take more risks ?
(HIN,high) I agree to the statement that successful people try news things and take risks rather than doing what they already know . Taking risks is a trait I consider most necessary for success . And successful people are masters of this trait . One can not discover new shores without willing to lose sight of the shore . Taking risks is the first step to innovation . Progress is marked by innovation . And innovations occur only when people take risks and try to bring about something new . The key element for an individual to succeed is to innovate and bring about new ideas . If one keeps doing what he is good at , there is no learning and no progress . Consider an example of one of the business greats in the world , Bill Gates . He came up with a product Microsoft which was totally new when it began . But now it has captured the world market in computers . He is the richest and the most successful man professionally . To bring about anything new in business , taking risks is the first step . There is a risk of the product failing miserably in the market . But at the same time , you can never know the true potential of your product until you take that risk and bring it into the market . I have known a sportsman more closer to home who chose sports over academics despite his parents and peers wanting him to go to college and get a degree . Now he is a sports star that his parents are proud of . Had he not taken the risk of going against his parents and following his heart , he would not be as successful as he is today . I also know of a friend in my field who quit a lucrative job bringing him a fat salary to pursue wild life photography . Not many people would have taken that huge a risk of putting their already established career into jeopardy . But this friend is now well recognized and contirbutes to the National Geographic channel on television . He is a very well recognized wild life photographer . If one would just go about doing what he knows well all his life , then he would never get a chance to realized what his other potentials are . There could be a lot of talents in him . Unless he takes risks and explores them , they would remain hidden . If the Wright Brothers had not taken that first risk of flight , there would be no aeroplanes today . Sticking to norms and doing what you know the best all along would stunt growth . Hence , I believe that taking risks and venturing to do something new is the key to success .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the state , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . There are so many cars which are inventing , as the year passes by there are more people who has cars , and in our society we can not live without cars . There are so many cars which are invented and will continue to invent for the future because every year people are born and that means more cars will be made . There are people who works for the car company , such as Sam Sung in Korea . Sam Sung is mainly producing cars and everyday they are inventing a new car with new colors , design , and shapes . Each year people buy new cars because it attracts them and they do not keep their cars for many years . In certain time they all change into new cars . If there are no people buying cars then the people who works for the car company will all loose the job . As the year passes by there are more people who has cars becuase everyone wants to have independent car . As people grow older they all want to have their own car , house , and family . These days , everyone is educated that means they are smart , everyone has a job and they can afford to buy a car . Lastly in our society we can not live wiout cars because of our own social life and independence . Most people use their car to jobs , school or for family . Most people wants to have their own car to go to work or do personal stuff rather than riding public transportation because it is comfortable riding their own cars , they can go or do whatever they want , and what if their house is far away form the city and no public transportation going to their own house . These days people have another house to relax and calm down which are far away form the city . Therefore , because of incrising of population , attractiveness of cars , and personal life , cars will still remain and more cars will come after unless the earth does not exsist .
(TEL,high) I dont believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . There are few reasons for this . Firstly , in todays world transport is the main important and essential thing . People are used to go in their own vehicles to different places . They are accustomed to the use of their own vehicles . Very few people use public transport . Almost every person owns a car . They find this convinient . Second , if a person uses his own car , he will probably reach the destination in less time . Thus this is time saving and every person wants to save time . For example , a business person who is always busy in meetings has to attend another important meeting in just few minutes at some other place , he finds his car more convinient than any other means of transport . He just reaches the destination in time or probably earlier . Such is the imporatance of car to a person . So it is not possible for such persons to stop using it . Third , the person is free to use the car at any time he wants because he owns it . Thus this gives them more convinience . For ex , a person wants to attend a party in the afternoon , he can reach the place within few minutes if he uses his own car . But if he relies on some other means of transport ( probably public transport which will not be available at our convinient times ) , he would probably reach the place after the party is actually over . Fourth , since the technology is fast growing , today there are a wide variety of cars available . Since there is a competetive market , the cars are sold at lower prices . Its not a problem for a person to buy it . Fifth , there are places which are accessible or which makes them easier to reach only if they go in their own vehicle . using a car also prevents the person from being exposed to hot sun , cold weather and rain . Thus a person would find this more convinient and cant restrict himself from using his own car . Thus i conclude that because of all the above mentioned reasons such convinience , reduced cost , etc the usage of cars will not be reduced .
(FRE,medium) Many students are used to thinking that preparation for exams involves learning by heart . Of course , students have to make sure they remember some data . However , knowing a fact whithout understanding its definition , for example , is useless . - Clearly , it is easy to learn facts without getting any explanation . However , it is also easy to forget things we do n't understand ! In fact , in this case , our memory simply fails . - furthermore , in my opinion , students should focus on the most difficult things to memorise : the explanation of ideas and concepts . For example , in the marketing field , it is very easy to learn the different steps of the consuming process , whereas it is much more complicated to understand the way this process functions . - Moreover , learning the different economic theories does n't makes us good economists . Thus , to prove our ability and our skills , it is necessary to analyse and try to understand every single point when learning . - Finally , the best way for students to be efficient in their futur jobs is to be able to justify their acts , to support their decisions with explanations . that is why it is crucial and very important for students to understand what they are dealing with .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the opinion that successful people try new things and take risks . I think it is impossible to make our dreams come true with out challenging new things , and it always has risks . Due to be successful person , we need to imagine our figure in the future . Then . we need to think what kinds of knowledge we need , and what kind of experience we need , and how to get the chance to make our dreams come true . Actually I am on my way to these steps . I will work for forign company as a one of valuable member , so I came to Canada to study English after quiting my job . I would like to introduce my plan for future in these steps . The first thing is knowledge . I have to need English skill to get a job an forign company , and also I have to aquire business knowledge to expand our possibility . The second thing is experience . After studing English , I am going to move to United States , and I will take the business class at the New York Univesity . In this class , I can get some experience to take part in internship at Manhattan . If I had experience to work speaking English there , I absolutely have a confidence for my future . I think I cannot get this kind of confidence only by getting knowledge . The last thing is to meke our dreams come true . With these knowledge and experience , I have to look for my job . It is sometimes difficult time , however we should overcome the difficulty . Finally , I have a possibility to be unable to get my job . It is the risk for me . However If I think about my risk , I could not do anything . So we have to have a confident to make our
(KOR,medium) I disagree . There are several reasons why I disagree with statement that says like young people do n't have enough time to helping their communities . First , I think helping their community can be a great chance to learn about how to work . I focus on having lots of experiences during the twenties all the time . There is a word in korea , `` To be a successful man , you should learn and learn , get more and more experiences '' . As this word , learning and having experiences is really important for any kind of person . Besides , you can have a chance to get together with people meet first time . From my personal experience , the time you should have to be more friendly is not easy . However , after that difficult time , you can have new friends . And also , I think people should know about their communities well . Because , the communities are the places where people decide to live , they must have many imformations about their communities to do n't have a bad sight of their leaders and changes . To do a new thing that is not concerned with your studies or works can be felt as a burdern . Also some young people think it as a waste of time . But if people change minds and encounter bravely , people can obtain new things and make their life more fresher . these are the reasons why I prefer to helping communities than not to do .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the statement that advertisements make the product seem much better than they really are . In today 's world media plays a very important role . And this age of media is widely governed by advertisements . Adverisement has become very important medium between consumer and producer . So people are greatly influenced by advertisements . Each producer tries to impress people by its own tactics . In this bid to influence people they generally show many false points about their products . And people get in the trap of the companies . With the development of commercialization advertisements are also gaining their importance . Now people are becoming more convinced by advertisements they see on televisions and newspapers . These companies are spending great deal of money in advertisements . They rarely think of spending the money in improving the quality of their products . As these companies are also aware that advertisements are becoming very crucial in the sale of their products . Today their is great competition in the market . We can see number of products for same purpose . Whenever a new product is lauched it is made familiar to people through advertisements . Initially company offers some discounts to their product to encourage people to buy their product . And each advertisement tries to show that is the best available product in the market . People are greatly attracted by these advertisements . Advertisements are generally false image of the product that companies try to bring before people . Due to increased competition and to get maximum sale of their products companies show the points in their product whch are not true . At end I will like to conclude that advertisements make product seem much better than they really are .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the author 's statement . Since ` Knowledge is power ' says a proverb . So , in today 's competitive world it is better to have broader knowledge of all academic subjects . if we have broad idea of lot of subjects , then the chances of oppurtunites increases . If aperson is attended for an interview for a post who is having good subject in various fields will be obviosly selected rather than a person who is specialized in only one field , more over the person with diverse skills will face the interview with confidence . The person with broad knowledge will not essential requires any type of training . But the person knows only one specific subject most probably he must be trained and guided under other matured people in that area . If the person with broader view of subject can easily follow the new trends in the market rather than a person with a little knowledge . Although , a person with specialized knowledge in one area can perform very well in his field but he always abondon from tasks which consists other than his subject knowledge . A person knows only a specific subjet fails to perform well if the boom for that field decreases drastically or it is in slum . But there is no such type of problens arises for the person who is good at myriad fields . Hence I conclude that a person with broad subject knowledge will always flourish in his field .
(FRE,high) I do not think that young people enjoy life more than older people do . To my mind , the main reason for it is that older people have acquired a strong living experience . Indeed , because they have lived longer than younger people , they have experimented more with different lifestyles and thus know which one is likely to give them the most enjoyment in life . In addition , older people may have more time to spend ; younger people are likely to experience the stressful beginnings of work and education . Thus they have more time to enjoy life : when one is busy working , one cannot spend time enjoying life . In what ways then can older people manage their time in order to enjoy life more ? Older people can fulfill their spiritual needs more easily as their thoughts are more trained . This is why is may be easier when one is older to study serious matter and read more difficult books , and why it is so much more difficult for younger people to concentrate on hard subjects . Put simply , the younger people tend to be more easily distracted by basic needs and so are more likely to be disturbed by them too . For example , I could cite my grandfather who says that he has come to the best moment of his life because he can now enjoy his present life more than any time before by reading and reflecting on his experience . Hence my idea that younger people may have more physical energy than older people , but older people have equally or more mental energy . Thus , older people enjoy more life than younger people do because the former knows how to employ it 's time to enjoy life best on the contrary of the latter which does n't .
(CHI,high) Nowadays , whether young people enjoy life more than older people do is a prevalent topic which has been widly debated . Two different views exist to support or oppose . After considering several aspects , I do agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more . First of all , yong people have a strong study ability to learn new things around them . For example , computer is a new technology product in nowadays , young people prefer to go on line for fun , buying things on internet and making friends on it . Because they think it may save a lot of time and money . However , the oler people may prefer to live in a traditional way , since they do n't want to change their life style after living under the same one for ten or twenty years . That 's why they do n't want to taste the new things , though they are good . Second , young people have much more energy than older people have . The young people may often go to climb mountains and make a hike with their friends to see the beautiful flowers , blue sky and green sea . And after a long walk or traveling , they may recover quickly and go on with another adventure . By contrast , the older people do n't have this advantage . Since they are old , their phisycial condition is not as well as used to be . They can just stay at home to watch TV or have fun near where they live . Therefore , older people 's life is limited . Last but not least , the young people are much more creative . When they see something new or interesting , they may think of a lot of question related , such as why it is so cute or how they make it . After considering about these questiones , they may go to liberay and disscus with the friends for more details , and then they will try to improve it , create a better one . The young people enjoy thinking new things . But the older people may not be so active , because they have a lot of experiences . They may judge things according to their experience and compare the question with the situation that they familiar with . Therefoer , we can always hear that old people complained about the boring life . From what have been talked above , we may safely draw a conclusion that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
(HIN,high) I do agree that the advertisements makes products seem much better than they really are . Infact it is a art that has developed with new era and new technology . It is a means of atrracting their costumers to buy their product . Advertising industry has grown for decades and still growing today . With the invention of computers grafics any product in the market can be made very beautiful and irresistable . The advertisement is eye catching and it gets registered into your mind . So when you go to the market , even if the product is not useful , you end up buying it only because the beautiful side of the product has been inculcated into your mind . Lets take an example of a perfume . In the advertise the perfume bottle was in a shape of a lady and it was being used by Jenifer Aniston . T hat had registerd into my mind and i was wanting tho buy the perfume for a long time . One fine day I finall got a cance to go buy it . The price of the perfume was unbelievable , it was so expensive . But i wanted it at the image of Jenifer holding the bottle just di n't go out of my mind , and guess what ? I finally ended up buying it . Even today I regret to the purchase that I made that day as till today the perfume bottle is only half used as I no more like its smell . But that was a lesson for me , and today I keep control on myself and donat get waved away by such fantasies created by the advertisements . I realize that I am not the only one , there are millions of people who has had this kind of experience . But the key thing to ask is , do these people realise how they are trapped by the advertisement industry . I guess there would n't even be 1 % of the entire crowd who understands this strategy used by the advertisement agencies . This is one of the major reasons for the fast growth of the advertising companies . But ` yes ' I do agree to the fact that the advertising agencies are doing a very good job and has a great effect on people 's mind .
(CHI,high) I disagree with the statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . In this essay I will state the reasons why I am against this idea . More often than not , people choose to travel in a goup led by a tour guide because they are either not familiar with the place where they are trvaeling or not familiar with the langauage . Therefore , they are afraid of having trouble and have no way to ask for help . With the advanced technology , it cannot be easier to find information about the place you plan to visit . You can book air tickets and hotels and rent cars online . You can download maps of the cities you are visiting and carry them with you so that you are less likely to get lost . As for the language problem , with more and more people traveling around the world , local people more or less learn to speak several languages relating to their main sources of tourism . Moreover , how much language will be required to travel a place ? Not much , I think . When you are doing sightseeing , you do not talk . When you are shopping , you just need to know the price and you just simply look at price tags . When you are ordering food , you just need to know what is on the menu . Even though you cannot read , there are always pictures . I prefer to travel with friends without a tour guide . I enjoy more freedom by doing so . There is no tight schedule to meet . Plans are always flexible . Most important of all , I am not always in a rush . I can stay in a place as long as I wish . By traveling alone or with friends , I have more opportunities to experience local culture and to observe the way local people live . I am not in a hurry to run from this place to another . When I find something interesting , I can stay longer to find out more . This in turn contributes more to my memory than just storming from place to place taking pictures . To sum up , traveling by oneself not with a group benefits travelers more . Even though there might be more preparation work to do before setting out , you learn and gain more after coming back from the trip . In my points of view , people learn to be independent by traveling alone to a foreign country . Taking myself as an example , I always travels alone and I find myself grow up a bit after every trip .
(JPN,low) I agree with this topic . There are so many people and communities in this world . Community is the one of the most important things in our life . However , it has been changing thesedays . There are some of my opinions . First , I heard that the people whose age is over than middle age have helped their communities , since they were teenager . It is good for human being because communities also helped them . What I would like to explain is that childlen were not raised by only their family , but also thier communities . Young people nowadays want to be with friends rather their communities even their family . It sounds fun but they ca n't learn anyting from older people . They have been losing some oppotunity to be mature . Unfortunatly , I have seen a lot of bad news done by teenager on TV nowadays . It means , the young people have been getting rude and impolite . It is not good when they have to be independent . As a conclusion , young people should have time to help thier communities , and learn a lot of things from older people . It will be good in this world .
(TEL,low) Some people think that young people now a days do not give enough time to help their communities others think that they will give enough time for helping their community but i agree that younger people will give enough time to their community its true . Firstly , In the community there is a lot of advantages due to younger people . younger people think that the community shoul be good because they think that if community is good country will good if country is good they will be good for example the people who are base less means poor people are helped by many group of younger people financially they will maintain a small scale industry by prepering lot of small materials that can be used in our country and exported to other countries then it will increase our countrys fame and export that may indirectly or directly on us . Secondly i can tell that the younger people are the persons mostly spent the elders money . So many of them dont know money value so they wants others to look like them so they help to fellow poor friends they wants their friends to look like them but this case is not possible in elders because they earn their money so they dont want to put it in other people . We can tell one thing that if any helping foundations are there in community which were developed by film acters and actress the most of the persons influenced by those are youth or younger people this is the main thing that is done now a days in my state there is a good actor who makes younger people help by giving blood donation camps and eye donation at the end of the year he gives the percentage in that most of them are younger people . Finally i can conclude that there are some persons who will not help to community they are very less compare to young who will help so i can state that young people will help to community .
(TUR,high) Rapid developement of car industry continues to supply cars to every organisation and company and even to every house in a country . I believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years of time . The reasons for the decreasing usage of cars could be that the cars are causing air and noise pollution , besides harming the worlds and countries natural sources . And as the technology develops other types of transportation could be more commonly used . As most of the big cities around the world encounter traffic problem , the cities have great air and noise pollution . The population in a big city keeps growing with migrations . The governments should develop solutions to the usage of so many cars . As a best solution public transportation could be spread . If public transportation is encouraged there will be less polution and less cars . When the natural resources are taken in to account , if each individual has a seperate car then more and more fuel will be wasted . The natural resoruces like fuel is becoming to an extinction problem . In the future other new sources could be introduced to be used in cars enginees but extereme usage of cars will endanger these sources as well . So the solution again will be usage of fewer cars . Other than cars , there is airplanes , ships and trains that can be used for transportation . As for far distances airplanes are announced to be easiest and safest way of travelling . So in the future other types of transportations will probably become more commonly used . In conclusion , there will be fewer cars used in twenty years time as need for cleaner air , keeping of resources and other transportaions will be
(HIN,high) Having a broader knowlege of a many subjects is not a very good thing to achieve . A person who defines this will be called a `` jack of all trades and a master of none '' . I think being an expert in one specific field is a better choice . Having a knowledege of too many subjects at once will make a person feel undeducated since they have not gone into enough depth of anything in order to achieve a living out of it . Also whatevr kind of work they do will be never be done to full perfection due to the gaps in their knowledge . An example of that would be a normal mechanic doin odd jobs around my neighbourhood fixing televisions or computers or diswashers . When he fixed my television set once it proved to be fatal for it . Instead of getting better , the picture quality worsened and therefore i had to send my television set to the professional company mechanic who specialized in engineering . After that my set started working and i do not have any more problems regarding it . In economics we have a specific term for people who have a broad knowlege of many subjects , it is like a household-type society when all the people dab their hands in almost everything , `` a doer of all , but a master of none '' , this has several problems like low efficency , due to nobody knowing to how to actually carry out a task with full efficiency , the rate at which good work is being done is very low and damage is more . On the other hand if people in a society are specialized in different areas , it is called a specialized society . In a society like this , the efficiency levels will be extremely high , and also the time taken to carry out tasks will be less . Therefore this kind of society will generate more money through the high quality goods and services they produce . this also proves the fact that being specialized in a particular field is a wise thing . If we leave the people to decide , will people prefer their housemaid stiching clothes for them or a specialized tailor . Most probably people will opt for the tailor . People who choose the opposite will hemselves see the diffrence in quality of the stitchig of the clothes by the housemaid and the tailor . The tailor can only stitch and therefore he wll do his job with the most amount of sincerity and wil put in a lot of hard-work in that , since that is how he earns a living . Whereas a housemaid also knows to to cook and clean and therefore will not pay attention to the sitchin as much because he has other means of earning . As a conclusion i would like to say that people who specialize in an area or field of study will prosper in their lives . Being a jack of all trades may seem impressive but there are many drawbacks to it and people like them will never have advantages over specialized people in anything .
(GER,medium) At the beginning I would like to give a short definition for the three terms ideas , concepts and facts . Facts as the numbers and dates behind ideas , concepts and theories . For if for example the `` theory of adverse selection '' was published in 1957 by Milton Freeman , the facts are 1957 and Milton Freeman . The idea and the concept are the problem of adverse selection and the influence it has on economic problems . My definition leads me to the opinion that I am supporting the statement in some cases , for example in the field of business adminsitration , especially in Marketing . For instance is the 4P concept about formulating a strategy for bringing a product into the market . To use this theory in practice , it is not important to know when and who someone established this theory . It is more important to know what the general idea is , the facts would only be a nice add on , in which nobody would be really interested . In the field of economics it is somehow different . As theoretical concepts are the results of an idea a person had , it is quite important to know when and why someone concluded his or her ideas in a theoretical concept . Economical scientists often refer to each other , especially in Microeconomics and Macroeconomics . To understand each single theoretical concept , it is important to know when the concept was published . The author might might have included the idea of another scientists , have used the other authors theory to formulate his own theory or there has been other external influences like wars which affected his work . To conclude my statement I would say that the necessity of understanding concepts and ideas and learing the facts strongly depend on the field of study in univerity . It is a little different during high school . The target of high school is to provide a good general and basics knowledge for young people . Here it is absolutely necessary to know everything , the dates and the ideas as well as the concepts to get a good general overview over the society and the development for example in history .
(TEL,medium) According to my opinion , specilize in one specific subject is better than the broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Student need knowledge in one specilize subject will give good and positive reaults to him . He would get confidence on that particular subject . Specilize subject gives chance to get more knowledge , grip and command on that particular subject . they mey get more chances to focus on particular thing , it will help to reserch on that specialized subject . It leads to invent new product , it may help to moderen society . Also it may give good name and also chances to improve economical position . For example , I finished my specialization in Pharmaceutical division . After that I did reaserch work on one particular molecule . That molecule given positive result against HIV disease . I got a huge amount of prize money from my country . And also they awarded in many ways . With this prized money I started a one large pharmaceutical company . In other way many people are serviving with my medicine . This results given good name in my career . Another example is , One of my frieds also specilize in the computer programm . He invented a new programm , for that he awarded by the government . Due to that programm people are enjoying computar games and Internet fecility . Due to internt the world become a small village . Finally , my opinion is specialize in many acdemic subjects will not foucus in one particular thing , he may not get satisfaction with all subjects . Didnt get special recognisation in society . So specialize in one specific subject is better . Many scientiest are invented by specialize in one specific subject .
(SPA,medium) I agree with the statement . I think that succes in these days has a lot of implications about money and carreer , but I thik that succes it 's not just about these kind of things but about being the best human being that you can be . And because of this you ca n't really settle for what you think is ok . Because in order to become more than what you are , you must realize that there are possilbilly other ways for doing things that you just have n't imagine . A successful person , it 's an innovative one . Successful people have been changing the world since humans appeared on it . You just have to think about the way we live now and the way people live two thousand years ago or more . And everything that we enjoy and give for granted , was somebody 's idea . Somebody that just wanted to do things a little different or just not like people told him o her thing are suppossed to be , but doing things in his o hers own way . Innovation will lead to a successful live , as it makes our way of live a better one . Ambition , will never let you settle with what you have or let you keep doing just what you think you do already well . Ambition , may blind some people , and thus its has a negative connotation , but , the ambition that makes you always go forward to your next goal its also a very important element of success . Taking risk its part of life , and peolple who have the determination to take them when it matters , usually are moved by the feeling that out there , there must be something better , something they deserve to have . So yes , I think that successful people usually try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
(HIN,high) One would be glad to find a single person today who is not worried about the rising gasoline prices , and the burgeoning traffic jams ! The gulf states the major producers of oil have been foreboding for long that they have alreday reached their maximum limit and the produce fo oil is only going to plummet from here on . All this spells evil for the car manufaturers . Cars though expensive have some clear advantage over public transport but it is losing this advatnge a fast pace . Not only are they becoming more and more uneconomical to drive the traffic situation challanges the other advanatges it has i.e. of quicker transport . Comparing this with a more efficient public transport system which is way cheaper considering the rising gasoline prices and is much more quicker considering the worsening traffic jam situation . Anyone would be enticed to use public transport rather than use private transport i.e cars . Necessity is the mother of invention the mans need to move made him invent the car but this is being challanged in a number of ways these days . Off recently number of companies have started offering option of work at home , univeristies have started courses which are internet learning based . All this has reduced the need for people to move and hence eliminating the need of cars form our lives . And as we move from a manufacturing based economy to an information based one the need of the transport is going to decrase further as people would prefer to stay at home and work . Though there are certain things that might just save the fate of that beatle in your garage , might be an electric car , which might be cheaper to run as we find more and more renewable souirces of energy and might be much smaller in size and hence solving the traffic issue . But all this is ot far fetched untill some solid discoveries are doen we can easliy say all this spells doom for the existence and number of cars .
(ITA,medium) I am agree with the statement for a lot of reasons . Today there are a lot of cars and many families often have got two cars and sometimes more . Everyone want to posses a car because cars can give freedom , with a car you can reach the most of places . Pubblic trasport are often crowed and so people prefer take their car to reach work place , university , cinema or theater , and often there are not train or bus for every destination or at any time . These are the common reasons that lead people to prefer car to the public transport . But time is changing and a lot of things are changing , for example the costant increasing of oil cost due to the increasing request by emergent nations like China , India . The costant increasing of oil request will bring to finish the oil reserve of the Earth sooner than we believe . This can lead to the government to save this fossil carburant and to use it better and so they will see as a priority to incentivate the public transport ( if there is not oil for all car , it is better give oil to bus that can bring a lot of people more than cars spending less oil ) . There are a lot of cars now and towns are full , traffic jam is incredible and this will be worse in the future . I believe that goverments to give a ask to this problem will try to educate their citizens that it is better to leave cars at home and to use pubblic transport . I believe that this will be possible if the goverments will invest a lot of money to build trains , new railways , to buy new and more comfortable bus . People is not stupid I believe that they will understand the proble and will take the right choice : to leave thei
(FRE,high) The way , professor should teach students has always been a heated debate . The question of the best academical system is not solved yet , and many scholars continue to propose alternative ways to teach . If we take a close look at the way education is organised in France , in Germany or in the United States , we immediately realise that many different approaches are possible . How the professor should act in front of his students is not an easy question to answer . To claim whether a solution is better than another may seem , I acknowledge , a bit pretentious . But I am deeply convinced that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . Learning facts and figures are , in my opinion , the worst thing you can do in a university What we are asking to a student nowadays , is to understand and to analyse immediately the situation he/she faces . This is what we call , the ability to react in front of an unexpected situation . This skill does not appear alone ; it must be worked and practised . The student must be able to think on his proper way , but he has also have to master some important theories which are the basis of our common and recognised society . For example , you cannot speak about the evolution of the species without referring to Darwin . But , once this general basis of common knowledge is acquired , then the student is perfectly able to evolve by himself . Our society should not be made of people only good at repeating what they have heard , but of people who are creative , imaginative , original . The possibility offered by an university to learn and discover a whole range of new knowledge , is certainly one of the most important thing ever . It would be a shame to spoil this unique opportunity by being occupied with the learning of figures that would be forgotten almost immediately . Anyway , recently , the priority has been given to the free will of the student . The curiosity and the knowledge of every students must be aimed at the improval of our society . Understanding ideas and concepts may be compared to the keys which lead to the achievment of such a goal .
(ITA,high) In my opinion , young people do enjoy life more than older people do , there are many reasons why I agree with this statement . I will mention these reasons in the following paragraph . To begin with , for health matters , young people have a smaller risk to have physical damage , in contrast with older people , therefore they can allow themselves to do crazy experiences . Of course this does not mean that younger people are free from health problems . In addition , young people are not yet aware of what life is really about or the outcome it will take . This way , the sensation of an excitement of discovering its meaning is provoked in these youngsters . Moreover , older people are known to get sceptic due to the troubles that they might have faced during their early years of their lives . Therefore , they cannot enjoy life as much as the younger people do because they already have done all their great experiences . Usually , during the early years of one 's life , it is the time when one meet its first loves , which completes a life leading to pure delight . Although , elderly people can have a love in their life , their marriage or having children already belongs to the past , for them . When one enters in the older years of one 's life , a sense of tranquility is felt meaning that life is not enjoyed as much as the previous years . For me , one enjoys life when one remains in constant activity because he can feel he is alive . In conclusion , young people enjoy life more than older people mainly due to the fact that older people have already had their time of real enjoyement in their lives and their nature is to slowly fade due to the fact that their life goes at an end . Of course , there are some exceptions where young people do not enjoy their life fully and older people do . Although , this is not the common behaviour known today .
(TUR,high) Being young or being older influence the decisions , personal characters and the way of life , as well . By statement the way of life , I refer not only type of living but also the enjoment of that life . Do young people enjoy life more than the elderly ? I agree with that statement , because youngsters are more enegetic , not stessful about the future , and not reluctand to experince new things . On the other hand , due their valuable experinces , senior citizens could have chance to enjoy more than youth . Firstly , the younger people , due to very biological and hormonal feature of their bodies , are very enegetic , which could not be compared to energy of older people . Being energetic gives youngsters a chance to do too many things within very short periods of time . On the other hand , elderly even there are too many energetic old people , cannot due the same amount of things within the same period and also within the same quality . Secondly , young people do not worry to much about their prospective futures . Of course , they have some kind of concerns about their careers and study but it is better to think about the end of the life like somehow elderly do . It is more probable to the elderly to feel deppressive due to feeling old . Finally , younger people do not have any oppositions against living and experiencing new things , such as new tastes , new adventures and even new friends . In contrast , senior citizens generally prefer to live in peace rather than in adventures . They have more concerns to continiue the stablity of their lives , which makes them somehow conservative , as well . In addition , we should not forget that due to their valuable expereinces , elderly in some cases can enjoy the life more . For instance , their experinces allow them to know what to do in which time . I hold the view that younger people enjoy life better and more than elderly .
(HIN,high) What is going to happen twenty years later , cannot be predicted accurately by anyone . The use of cars will decline or increase depends a lot on the success of the contemporay researchers success , who are curently working diligently on finding an alternate renewable and cheap source of energy , which may help power the engines of the future automobiles . If we do not find a replacement for gasoline as a fuel for driving the cars engines , this exhaustable fuel source will some day deplete . In the situation of reducing supply of the fuel for the car , the prices of the oil will increase , making it less afordable . The car companies may initially decrease the prices of their automobiles to lure the customers harrowed by the increasing oil prices . This price decrease may not last long , since the car companies will realise later that it is more sensible to sell high priced cars to a few people and gain a higher profit by working less , rather than making more cars to gain the same or may be even lower profits . Hence the number of cars on road may decrease . Furthermore as the world economies grow more , the governments of the world would try to improve the public transport systems , and recomend to their citizens to favour it over the use of private vehichles . The litreacy rate is also bound to increase with time . Hence the literate and more sensible citizens would readily take the advise of the governments and start favouring public transport . This would again decrease the number of cars . If a new renewable and cheap fuel source is invented , initially the automobile industry may suffer due to the technological changes that it may have to adopt but , eventually this may bring about a boom in the automobile industry . People would be interested in trying the new technology , and hence try to adopt it . Cheap and non poluting fuel may make people want to own their own private vehicles . The government will try to subsidise this new fuel to wean off its citizens from the use of gasoline . Such moves will make people want more cars and hence the numbers of the cars on road may increase . The growing population of the world is producing more consumers , hence the number of cars in the given circumstances are bound to increase . Hence in conclusion I would like to say that the question of weather of not the number of cars in the future is goin to decline cannot be answered instantly . It depends on the developments in science in the near future .
(TUR,medium) I agree with the statement given . because it is important to teach the students to understant what they are being tough . There is an old chinesse saying that ; if you want to save somebody from his or her hunger , you have to teach him or her to how to hunt instead of giving him or her ; a fish to feed with . if a student or a child does not understants the ideas or the concepts that are being tough to them they will simply memorize the subject but not learn from it . Some school systems or training programs are build on the student or the attendent to memorize what is being given to them which does kill their imagination and does not prepare them to life . for example couse and effect can be tough to a student in a science class and most of the childeren if not interested specificlly will not enjoy the science class as a social science student I hate it . If a child does not understant the reasons of a couse and effect situation she or he will not use it to understand peoples reactions about her or his actions . If a science teacher teaches you the couse and effect principal via giving you examples of your ordinary life , examples of what you do dailly actions you will understand what you learn . if not just make it an experiment in a lab class you wont remember it until the examination time and after that never . When you memorize something it is a great risk fort you to forget it . and it will happen because our brains are like computers . As we do to make our computer when it is full wiht information and becasue of that its speed slows and does not work more effectively . We must delete some old informations to get new ones . And the first information it will delete will be the one you do not remember or do not understand why it happens , the one it is put in without any meaning . If teachers and parents are the ones that shapes our personality and future they must be very carefull to teach the young minds with a great hunger how to fish not to give us a fish just for once .
(KOR,medium) It is better to specialized in one specific subject than to have broad knowlege of academic subject . First of all , human brain is limited there are cuntless of books and knowlege in the world that human being has achieved . It 's surely impossible that one individual has all that knowlege . Beside if we want to broaden our knowlege the depth of it would be shallow . However , if we specialize in one subgect , still it woul be a lot to do , it woul be much easier than to have broad knowlege , and we can deepen it by study and all kinds of efforts . Second , there'are lot 's of college graduators in the world . However if they have same level of knowlege. , it would be not helpful for each other . In society , we ca n't live with other 's help . We need doctor 's in hosptal , but also nurses and pharmasist . It is efficient and easier to divide the work than one person does the all the jobs . Third , we need to relay our accomplishment to our next generations like our former generation did . If our ancestors have n't acheive anything , there would be no civilization and industralizaion of present time . The world is developing by the people who study in specific subject . We call them specialist . Without specialists the world is not going to be develonped any
(FRE,high) The car industry has long been a central issue for most western countries ' economy , and constitutes even some of the most powerful and influent firms such as General Motors . The case being such , the future twenty-year tendancy , apart for being of a critical importance for such firms , should be a good clue for the industry and economy evolution . Some long term tendancies support the increase thesis . The cars are becoming cheaper everyday ; and driving is becoming easier : thanks to technology cars are more safe et easier to drive , and the motorway web is developing and improving almost everywhere . Cars have became unspareable nowadays , even apart from the deep countryside prejudice showing that poor lost farmer who cannot have his daughter 's medicine delivered in time without a car . For the companies cars and trucks is the fastest and most flexible way to make employees and materials move , and being the best way to do it , it as became unspareable . But some other tendancies leads to the opposite . Today is the first time in 30 years that the car production is decreasing . Moreover , in some of the major cities cars have been forbidden or submitted to a tax in the city center , such as in London . In most of the major western cities , such as Paris , cars have become much more slower than public transportation . And the increasing of public transportation is another heavy tendancy . Of course the dramatically increasing oil price would probably enhance these tendancies . However , and concidering these antagonists points , cars would certainly not disapear , but probably decrease in number . These considerations were mainly theoric and concerning western countries . From a more technical point of view of just basically counting the cars and giving interpretation , there are two facts : In western countries we have reached a peak and then should be decreasing from now ; in China and in India the car number will simply explode before twenty years . And two billion people buying a car have more effect that 300 million americans not buying a third car . Even if several complex tendancies will compete in western countries , and probably end up as a decrease , these evolutions will be nothing compared to the thirld world cars ' consumption which is very likely to explode in the next few years .
(HIN,high) The young people of today are a much more informed and aware group of people than young people in the past ever were . They are the future of society and community and ofcourse have a big role to play in giving back to and helping their communities . It is unfair to say that they do not give enough time to helping their communities . I am of the opinion that young people nowadays give as much if not more time than the youth of years gone by ever did to helping their communities . The youth of today having had more oppurtunities than youth of yester years ever did have benefited greatly from the same . There are several examples from recent years that go on to prove how young people have devoted a lot of their time and energy towards forwarding a cause that is related to their communities . As a particular example , one may look at the anti firecracker drives undertaken by young people across several regions during festive seasons . Such campaigns are aimed at issues ranging from reducing the pollution levels experienced due to bursting of firecrackers to more grave topics such as tackling child labour ( often being emplyed in fire cracker factories ) . However , some may argue that as a movement such anti-firecracker drives may be instigated not by young people themeselves ; but the fact remains that such drives are successfull only due to the active participation and support of young people . And we have sufficient evidence to belive that these movements are more successful today than they ever were in the past . Another example is that of community service programs initiated in several private schools over the past few years . It is now compulsory in several schools to complete a certain number of community service hours . What is most heartening is that I myself have experienced first hand how many students are interested in devoting more time than is compulsarily required of them . A myriad of social service clubs have formed in schools . In my own school , such a club was in the nascent stages when I graduated . Once again , cynics may argue it is not the youth themselves who are jumping in on community service ; but the bottomline is that the average school going student today probably spends a lot more time in community service than a student did ten or twenty years ago . One arguement that must be put forth to make the case for the young people today even stronger is the current state of growth and development of communities in different regions . Barring a few exceptions , the standard of living of people has gone up over time and therefore so has the standard of the community that houses these people . In my opinion , it is not possible to explain such an improvement in community life without giving some credit to the young people of the community . Even if the younger people may not be at the helm of organising community get-togethers and events , they are most often the ones that participate heartily in the same . Such active participation definately goes to help their communities develop .
(SPA,medium) I agree with these statement and I will support my point of view through three different arguments : the fact that our cities in the near future will be saturated , the need for living organisms to have a clean atmosphere , and the problem of finding energy to fuel the cars . To begin with , it is precise to note that these days a car owning a car in developed and developing countris is becoming easy . The car dealers present the costumers with many financing options . These options and the present day necesities are incentives for poeple to own cars . The fact that many people are owning cars presents a problem of saturation in cities and makes it hard for people to effectively transport . Furthermore , the fact that many cars are being produced and put in circulation present a mejor problem to our atmosphere . The fuel used by these cars produce polutants that are harmfull to living creatures on the planet . Soon , in my opinion , government in developing and developed countries will begin to make laws in order to make it more difficult to own cars . Many countries have developed efficient public transportation as an alternative . Finally , it is imperative to be aware that manking is rapidly using up the available natural sources of energy such as natural gas and crude oil , the basic elements from which the fuel car fuel or gasoline is derived . Finding alternative sourses of enrgy are costly and not always as efficient . By reducing the amount of cars in circulation , mankind may save these natural sources of energy making them last longer . Today many developing and developed countries in Europe , Asia , and the Americas are making available other means of efficient transportation like rail systems , metro lines , buses , and tramways that may be used collectively to reduce the amount of cars in circulation and as an alternative to people who cannot afford cars .
(HIN,medium) I completely disagree with this statement . I think that the whole world is mainly dependent on the life facts . Mr. Gandhi had said that if their is facts and truth in your life then you are on the verge to win the world . In a class room when many students are listening a perticular lecture . They mainly concentrate on the lecturer . They listen to the only part which the lecturer is saying . As a part of the study , lecturer provides them only the idea behind the topic . And accordingly the student follow the instructions of the lecturer . At this time students can not understand the topic because they have not any real example to support the topic . They just mug the topic and leave it as a part of assignment and some may think that it is only a part of our syllabus . On the other hand some students go in deep . They analyze the topic . They dont mug the topic . They approach each other or go through the book to understand the concept behind the topic . But in book , it is not compulsary that every book has mentioned the reality of the topic and from where it comes . But some book conceptually explain this very well . Various concepts are provided for a single thing . Now student has multiple option for a single thing . Fourtunately their topic becomes more clear by using this much amount of the concepts provided by the books . But when they come in real life these concepts are worthless because there can not be a ' idea ' to handle the situation . They do not know the facts about the life and by that they can not survive in this confused world . Most of the time , the facts of the life are useful than ideas and concepts . For doing science and mathematics study ideas and concept works but in real life the student should be aware of facts of life . Life works on facts and truth not on illusive ideas and concepts though they are useful in study and in doing business .
(TUR,high) Today young people give enough time to helping their communities . Young people , thus , the new generation between twelve and thirty years old do their best to help their communities ; for instance , they organize several activities together : they visit old people on holidays , and bring them gifts and food . They give free private lessons to small children in their communities . They get involved in some youth clubs , and call writers , scientists , artists , musicians , or other people who have an impact on the society , to give a lecture in order to exchange some ideas with them . Besides , at home they help their parents or other family members : they prepare the table , clean the house , wash the dishes ... If a family member is ill , they visit this person . By working part-time , they also gather money for the poor in their community . They do all of these activities , as they study and work . Sometimes they work part-time , because they want to contribute to the family budget . They buy their needs with the money they earned . With the rest of this money , they help the poor in their communities . However , many young students have to study hard to pass their extremely difficult exams , and get high marks . When they have exams , they may sit just concentrared on these exams , on reviewing the material that was presented them in class , or they may spend their time reading several scientific articles , or books . They study also for their communities , as they have to be distinguished members of the society in which they live . They study to learn and to help their communities . In their free time , of course , they assist the work of the older members of their communities ; for example , think about a twenty year old girl , studying biology : she studies when she has exams , papers to write , or has to make a class presentation ; if this girl is Jewish , when the Jewish New Year , Rosh Ashanah , arrives , she will visit the poor of her community , and distribute food to the old poor people of the community ; these are the same things as what a Christian girl does on Christmas . Young people are as helpful as the old ones .
(TEL,medium) I donot agree in totality with the statement given as i would like to state some reasons in support for my stand . Young people are always inspired to make things happen in all ways including the help for the communities , but , some times they have to pull away themselves from this type of acts when situations donot allow them to do so . Firstly , i would like to take the pride saying young people are contributing to a massive extent for the development of their communities . There are people forming groups and associations in their places and a lot of social work is being done by them . This is not new as this process is going on since several years , infact i would say since centuries . They form unions and provide help desks at different places to ensure the problems peple are facing in their communities are solved to the maximum extent . Next , these youngsters are always ready and charged ever to their part in the emergency situations like a draught , an explosion , floods and many more . Does any one know that a considerable amount of the funds raised for the victims of recent disaster `` TSUNAMI '' are by the youngsters only . They are the future of any country and the countries comming years depend on these youngsters itself . Moreover they are the ones who join the military , and other educational courses like doctors , enggineers etc . The well known people in these days were youngsters at one stage and the decissions they made at that point made them to be at the place where they are today . If George Bush or any other didnot take up good courses at the teenage , would they be here at the position they are now . In my country still the largest group that comes forward first in any situation is the youngsters group . They are allset to do any type of help like moving injured ones to hospitals , raising funds for the needed , and lend their hand in every possible way . However in contrast to the reasons i have staed above some people are not encouraged to do such activities . This is due to the environment they are grown up . If the parents encourage their children to do help to the society these situations donot occur . Also the increasing demands of finance and work loads are leaving the youngsters , who are willing to do some help to their community , helpless in such situations . But they definitely take time in their leisure to make some good changes in the areas they can can afford to do something . Finally i would like to conclude on the note that youngsters are always ready to do the required help to the society if the situations permit and some freedom is provide from their work places .
(SPA,high) I do n't think that the best way to travel is in a group led by a guide because : First , the routes of the guided trips are general standarized . The visits and intineraries are already studied and planned by the tour guide so there is a chance you can miss an important site or place . I think the best way to make a trip is by buying guides published by a well know brand like Lonely Planet . This guides are full with tips , facts , history , hotels recommendations , restaurants , bars , etc . Second , in most of the guided tours you will have limited free time since you need to follow a schedule . For example , after visiting a church or temple , a museum ... you will only have 2 hours of free time . I believe that with this much of free time you can slightly see the city . In general , all the hotels that tour trips reserve includes breakfast and generally you will have to wake up early . What if I want to wake up late and have breakfast in a typical restaurants recommended by the locals ? By travelling in a group you relly on other people tastes . Maybe one member asks the guide to visit a toy factory . What if I do n't want to go there ? Other reason is that not all of the tour guides are well prepared . In my experienice with tour guides I had some good and some bad . Ocassionally some tour guides even lie or just make up facts to make the tour more appealling . And finally , what if I do n't get along with somebody in the group ? or maybe he asks too many irrelevant questions that may delay the an activity I had travelled in both ways , in a tour group with a guide and with just my friends and a book as a guide . I find the second more enjoyable since you mark your own pace , intinerary , and the best of all , you choose the people to go with .
(HIN,low) I agree with that student should understand the ideas and concept than learn fact . To know and understand any thing you shuold have clear the ideas and concept of that thing or theme than only u can judge what is true and false . Foremost , Ideas improve your imagination , It gives u a fantacy felling , improve your concentration , It gives good exercise to your mind , you may improove the thinking abilities . For example , you refer the history of ancient era , The scientist was found the fossiles or some historical monuments . From all those evidence they might got idea abuot the culture , tradition and life style of the people of that era . Moreover , By those evidence and ideas the scientist made concept of the life style , the attitude , the agriculture , the education , the food habit many more details about the people of the encient era . Then they did reaserch on it and tried to find out the fact out of these . This fact gives u a clear picture of the events of the history . Finally , It is true that for learning any fact of life , you must understand the ideas and concept about it so you will not get any difficulties to understand the realities of the past . present , future of life or any person or any thing . lerning fact
(ITA,medium) The statement that 's exposed on the left is an important point of the own life of every person . I think the that statement rappresents the two large kind of person in the world : the successful people and the normal people . As like as the statement , successful people try new things and take risk . Instead normal people only doing what they already know how to do well . I agree with the sentence . In my opinion trying new things it 's the best way to grow your personality . however a different point of view to the same thing can open your mind , and open to you different way to resolve any problems . In 1492 Cristoforo Colombo went to America and come back . He was a successful person becouse takes risks in his adventure . Since 1492 , the conseguences of his choice during still today and past the ages . Today his name is in the most popular history books around the world . The different between Colombo and a normal person it 's in his choice , it 's in his point of view . To be a successful person we have to fallow the Colombo 's choice in our own life . If we are going to do only the things that we know how to do well we probably remain normal persons . In my personal experience I can see the meaning of the statemet that I exposed before . The person who free its mind going to be a successful person . At school , but not at all , this concept is more understandably . A large part of students study on book and do n't practice what they have learned . The proffessor gives to students a basic formation , that they can enlarge only trying new thing and new experience out of the school buildings . A successful student , like a successful person , has to try some different experience in his life to the complete formation of himself and to become a successfuf
(JPN,medium) Recently , it seems that youong people do not give enough time to helping their communities . Unfortunatelly , I can not help agree it . Including me , most of young people do not feel storong relationship with their communities . In my experience , there are two reasons which make me think that way . First , an athletic festival is hold in the comunity where I live annually , I think taking part in something community event means helping it . I have taken part in it just once . But in fact , I could not find any young people there . I reckon the reason why young people do not join that festival is that young people prefer to spend a time with their friend than family or their communities . I also guess that some young people think to contribute or help their communities is kind of waste of time . Second , especially reacently , young such as university students tend to live themselves . Actually , most of my friends live apart from their family . It means that it is no longer possible to help thier communities . In fact they can help the communities where they live now . But they might feel like to do it because it not their home town . So may feel that they are stranger there more or less . As far as I know , it is clear that young people do not help their communities much . Including me , the value of connection with their communities getting less stronger among young generation . I think this problem shoud be considered more seriously . Otherwise , The communities which is active with young people
(ARA,medium) I disagree with this statement , as I beleive that the older people enjoy life more than young people do because Older people have the Independence , experience , and the growth mind abilities . First of all , it is important factor to determine the person ability to enjoy life is the independency of this person . The independency means the ability to take and perform decissions , and it is almost known that the older people have much independency than young ones . It is obstacle for any person to enjoy without having the needed independecy to make his decissions . In addition , the vast experience that the older have through their lifes will provide them with the ability to take the best decissions that will surely led them to more enjoy of the life . The last thing is the growth mind that the older people have . It is fact that the person mind and his intelectual abilities become more and more with the life time . This is somethimg any person vave to have in order to enjoy his or her life . Finally , i found my self enjoying my time better and better while growing and become older . Remembering the passed events i wish i had the Independence , experience , and the mind abilities to behave better than i had , that could make may more enjoyable .
(HIN,high) `` Live Life Kingsize '' . This is the statement which i always relate to . So i do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Happiness and enjoyment in life , does not fade away with age but more to do with the personality of the person . Firstly , there is not any age limit defined for a person to enjoy his life . I have seen people who in their old ages fully enjoy their lives as compared to their young counterparts . So enjoyment in life has more to do with the personality and nature of the person rather than his age . If a person is very jovial and fun loving , he will like to socialise with his friends , go for vacations with the family and will do thinggs that will bring happiness to him . These gestures of happiness and enjoyment can be done by a person of any age . But a person of serious nature , would like to spent his time alone rather then enjoying . Enjoyment means different things to different people . For some it might be spending time with family or socialising with friends . For some its going on vacations and exploring new places . Some people enjoy doing activities like painting and drama , which make them happy . So there is no specific age to enjoy these things in life . Although , one of the reasons that can be stated in favor that young people enjoy life more than older people is that when you are yough you are more physically healthy to fulfil your hobbies and activities , which make you happy . There are certain things that a youger person can do , which an older person might not be able to do which so much of passion and energy . In conclusion , i would like to state that age actually does not matter for a person to enjoy life . It depends on your own outlook and the way you want lo live . So if you are young by heart , dont count your age and enjoy life to the fullest .
(TUR,medium) THE FUTURE OF CARS The 1900s century has an important role on the future of the world . In last hundred years we saw a big change or we can say development especially in the technology that one of its child is car . World is changing every second we must keep our speed as fast as world speed . Today , the car is necessary for us to go somewhere in our daily life . It is a part of us so that we cannot do anything like oxygen we can not breath . Instead of this , so much development is occuring and as result of this the needs are increasing . When we wnat to go shopping we use car or want to go office we need it . We make our life as comfortable as we do . But people have some problems resulting of this comfort life . For example we have a big traffic problem . Sometimes it is being ridiculus that we can not solve this tragedy . We are making ourselves stressful . In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today I hope so . Because we use the way to go anywhere . In order to go anywhere we can fly also . That is the point that people wake up and instead of using cars they will use aircrafts . It wo n't be a suprise because , today , the scientists are developing the flying cars , no traffic problem and no stress . Additionally , the capacity of the machine that we use today is limited because of the strict roads and low level technology . But in the future we do not have a problem like this . No road no structural problems . Finally , we have to live in our world so that we must search the ways that how to live in a beatiful world and to do everything we can do for our and our childrens future . We have to keep in our minds that `` no pain no gain '' . today we have a lot of pain like a pregnant mother .
(CHI,low) Most of people visits a new country or city . They want to find a tour guide in order to save money in their bag . Although a tour guide can help your save times and money . I love to travel by single . Exploring is very useful skill in you life . I like to search answer when I first visit the city . In my opinoin , city history you had better find it . A tour guide can tell a story about the city , he or she can not unclean history . People likes to travel in order to happy and entarinment . When people find new thing by themself in a new city who feel very comfortable . In additional , single travel is very freedom . If you to travel is in a group led by a tour guide that it has lots of problems . Such as , guide maybe ask you buy some expensive goods but it is very normal . Not only wasting you money , but also controlling you time . Bescaus tour guide had time list about famous place . Lastly , i dislike nosiy and rule . I want to control myself , When I travel a new city and country that I inconsider to led by a guide . If you invite a tour guide means lots of people makes a group . Maybe some people have a harmful habit . Just a word `` lots of people has lots of problems . Only a word , If a tour guide in order to save money and time . I had better travel by single . And tour guide not save in my idea .
(CHI,medium) As the modern society is highly developed , the market is highly developed . Some peole may think it has many oppotunities to get money from the market , then people try to form their own business to reach their goals that get money from the market . Some people believe that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , but their thoughts are wrong , it is not wrong with people try new things and take risk with it , because when we are doing our business , we need the courage to do things and take the risk of it if we believe in what we do is right . They are wrong because they do not know that the successful means , successfull means that people do well job on the things they are doing , not simply the new things . People success in the area they know very well . There is one Chinese people , he collect the bottles from garbage to sell in order to feed himself . But he has some money , he tries to hire other people like him to collect bottle for him . Then he get enough money to build a building to collect the garbage and sell the garabage which can recycle to the company , after years of hard work , he accumulate millions of dollars , people call him `` The King of the Garbage '' . At the beginning he can not even to feed himself , after twenty years he become a person who have millions of money , this is called success . I think people need to do things thy already know
(ITA,medium) I think that theoretical concepts and ideas are very important to prepare a student and to help him to built his own method of study . For example studying latin , with all those coniugations or maths give you a tool to develop your mind schematically . In my opinion this is a good training , but it does n't make a professionist . I believe that when a student reaches a certain level of theoretical preparation he needs facts : he needs to experience in first person what the issue he has studied is all about . Learning from practical experiences is much easier and involving than studying a subject on a book . For example ; if I had the opportunity to go to United States and study English , I would improve my language skills much better than I could do staying at home and reading an english edition of Oscar Wilde ! Moreover is very important to consider the kind of subject the student is learning : many subjects need more practical training ( for example biology ) and so other ( as philosophy ) are better understood with concepts . Think about those people who did n't have the opportunity to get an education ; all they learnt was basically taken from real facts : I can say that the skills they have , for example in formulating a conversation , pheraps does n't follow a logical pattern but if they can apport facts to substain such conversation it is not hard to understand what they are talking about . So I just partially agree with the statement and i think that the best choice would be to give to the student both the practical and theoretical training to ensure him a complete education .
(GER,high) I totally agree with the statement that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than learning facts . Firstly , only learning facts is something which is kind of simple . Everybody is able to do this . It is not a special feature of students . Just learing things by heart is something which you have done in primary school , and of course it is good to do that there but not at highschool or at university . Besides it ist not important anymore to know many facts because there are so many books , and of course the internet , where you can search for everything you want to know . Secondly , as fast as you can learn facts as fast you will forget them again . So it is much more of interst to learn where you can find them than knowing them in detail . That 's why I think it is enough to know the book or the homepage where you can find the information you are looking for than knowing the information . Thirdly , learning how to understand ideas and concepts of things will help the students to come along in there life after their studying time . When they will have a job they will not be asked for facts such as how many people live in Ohio , but they have to come along with more complex quesions where they have to use their ability to understand the idea and concept of for instance a new project oder product and to combine this knowledge . Lastly , it is not only good for the students ' job-lifes but also for their private lifes to understand the general idea of things . For example when reading the newspaper it is much more of interest to verify critical statements than learning the exact number of the people who died in the Iraq War . So all in all you can see that the ability to understand the gist of things is more relevant than just learning facts .
(HIN,high) Cars have been considered to be one of the most important inventions of mankind , which went a long way in enhancing his mobility . Today they have been transformed from the status of a luxury to that of a necessity . It is for this reason that there has been a noticeable surge in the number of cars . However , twenty years hence , the scenario would be quite different , and I firmly believe that the present day volume of cars is just the tip of an inverted ` U ' and would defnitely go down in the time to come . The foremost reason why I believe that the number of cars would be less two decades later is based on the present day status of fuels . The utilization of petroleum resources is already at a considerably high level and their cost has seen a high increase in the last one decade . The exorbitant price of the fuel would definitely deter the consumers to go for cars . Adjunct to this , this premise is based on the their very availability ; given the fact that petroleum is a non-renewable sources of energy , it might just become extinct in two decades . One might resort to other fuels like hydrogen and fuel-cell based cars , but they are yet to go a long way in terms of their popularity among the general public . Secondly , with rising pollution levels , the government might resort to taking preventive measures by putting a ceiling on the number of cars owned by an individual . It might even consider to discourage the buyers simply by raising the tax slabs . An average consumer , thus , might look for alternate means to commute . Emanating from the same argument , the government might also take some positive steps , like making public transport more efficient . A meticulously designed and managed chain of public transportation systems likes buses and local trains would certainly encourage even the car owners to opt for them . I also presume that two decades later most offices would switch from the time-consuming ` manual ' mode of functioning to an ` electronic ' way . With excellent internet based working environment , one might not need to commute at all ; added to that everybody would be highly accessible . Hence , such a work environment would also imply a lessening of the reliance on cars . The preceding assertions have been put forward in context of the supply side of the story ; on the consumers ' side too there would be some changes in their perception . Cars would no longer remain a status-symbol . People would become increasingly aware of the ill-effects of pollution and would surely like to contribute their share in reducing it by decreasing the use of car as their prerferred mode of trasnportation . In general , an overall increase in the level of awareness of the users would in itself lead to a decline in the number of cars . Taking all these points into consideration , I can say with a good degree of confidence , that the number of cars would definitely decline in the future . Afterall , all of us want to make this Earth a better place to live in .
(GER,high) I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks , because , I think , that 's what makes them successful . Peolpe who remain doing things they already do for a long time get used to it . Developing routines gives security , but keeps your abilities on a certain level . After a certain amount of time you do n't get better in what you 're doing . I think , that 's when successfull people decide to make a change . They realize there 's no improvement and try something new . My husband , for example , was working as an operator after his apprenticeship . He keeps telling that he earned good money those days . But he was n't satisfied with what he was doing . Therefore he went back to school to become an engineer . Now he works as an engineer for 15 days and he 's still very happy that he made that decision , because he finds the engineering work so much more interesting . Another point , stated in the statement , is that risk taking makes people successfull , too . In my opinion that is true , because starting something new implies to take risks . The risk can be to borough money , live somewhere else or even give up a job , like friends of us did . They both had good jobs in a big town in Germany . He was a manager and she worked as a doctor in a hospital . Although a lot of peolpe were admiring them leading such a life , the couple decided to quitt their jobs and move to the countryside . Everybody kept asking them , if they got mad . Their answer was , that they decided for their relationship . Obviously there must have been some problems , we did n't see . For some people this couple did n't look like being successfull , but I think , to be successfull does n't have to have the meaning of earning a lot of money . Being successfull means to do what 's best for you . In conclusion , successfull peolpe have learned to take care of their self-interest .
(TUR,high) I agree with the statement that successful people try new things rarther than only doing what they already know how to do well . There are two reasons , first succesfull people try and achieve new accomplishments in order to continue to be succesful . The second reason is without taking risk you can not be succesful . To begin with , in my opinion a successful person is some one who tries and achives new accomplishments each time . If you continue doing the same thing , you are not successful because you are not achieveing something . For example , you are playing a game and you reached to the 15th level , that is a success for the first time and your are successful for that instant but if you continue the game and could not go beyond 15th level then you are not successful anymore . Because you succeded up to level 15 in order to continue your success you need to try and achieve new and harder levels . If you could not achive to go beyond level 15 then they will talk about your ` past ' sucesses . You need to update your successes every time you begin a new challenge . If you are able of doing that then you are a successful person in your life . Moreover , you need to take risk in order to be successful . For example , Galatasaray , a Turkish football team , won a Uefa Cup for the first time and the only time in the Turkish football history . Team 's manager Fatih Terim came to Galatasaray four years ago the Uefa cup victory . In the beginning he take risk of playing with lots of young , talented however less known players . All of the media critized Fatih Terim , however he did not changed his point of view on the subject . He continued to play with those players . Because he had a goal to reach . He needs to make his successful not only nationaly but also internationally . After four have past young players get the courage and ability of playing in international games and Galatasaray won the Uefa cup for the first and the only time in Turkish history . We can clearly see from this example that success can not and will not come without taking risk .
(ARA,medium) It s beleived that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . I stongly agree with this statement and that for different reasons . the issues of this essay is to provide some important arguments to defend my opinion . to begin with , the development of advertising technics are so great that can give exagerated idea about the product . In deed , the performance of the picture quality for instance can make anyone focusing on the beauty of the product instead of it s quality and sometimes it can hide some drawbacks of the product . for example , the advertising used for product like viagra are very strong for men who have some problems , but using this product for a long time has some side effect that are not showed clearly in the advertising . another argument is that some advertisements completly mislead their customers because of competition . for example , in order to try a new product , some compagny are ready to pay any prices and they can even add some incorrect information about their products . to sum up , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are not only
(ARA,high) Eversince the last century , the car , introduced by the worldwide-best-seller Ford-T in the twenties , has become the most popular mean of transportation . And nowadays it has even become more than that . Actually , the car is now much more than just a mean of transportation , it has become a real social attribute , the bigger your car is , the higher you are on the social ladder . Reducing the number of cars does not only implies a change in our habits of transportation but a complete change in the way we think . Another example of the way the car has influenced our society are the american cities . The way these cities are built is nearly an ode the car ... It 's too difficult to move without a car , but that does n't matter because cars are still cheap in the US . I do n't think twenty years will be enough ( a genration is twenty-five years ) for our socity to change . However , some issues could help . Indeed , the environment and particularly the global warming have become major issues for our planet , and the car is one of the biggest pollution sources on the planet . Furthermore , the planet is running out of oil , implying an expensive energy , and that 's becoming more and more a problem . However I am not worried for the future of the car , because new technology will overcome these diffculties . We are nearly entering a new era , electric or even hyrogen engines will soon be availiable , leaving a bright future to the car . Cars wo n't disappear , they 're just entering into their revolution , that 's it . When I was young I used to think that Aliens existed , well actually I do think they exist , and I thought that the first thing they 'll see when arriving on earth would be our roads and our cars moving at any time of the day and night . For sure they would think that the inhabitants of earth would be cars ... Why would you want the inhabitants of earth to disappear ?
(ARA,low) I absolutely agree with this statement . To learn anything new , you have to know the idea of this thing . In other words , the learner must know the benfits fo this thing and why it is important to be known ? . In other things , the learner should have an idea of the history of what he learns . Because if he knew its origin , he can decide how its importance as well as he will get a good comprehension of the thigs . After that , he can build the ideas which depend on the main idea . On the other side , if the students learn facts while they do not have a sufficient understood about the idea , they will misunderstand some of the backgrounds of the facts . And here are an example support my opinion . Consider the concept of interrelationships between different community aspects that they may in some concerns be the eventual criteria of demonstrating what those ideas may have .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the statement that says it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . There are several reasons why I disagree . The first reason is that if students only learned the facts than they would not be as creative as the other students who actually understand ideas and concepts . People have the ability to think so that if they just learned the facts they might memorized the facts and not understanding . For example , I have experienced that situation . I studied for my test and not understanding but memorizing all the facts . So i could not think of anything outside of the box . i failed that test from that now I usually try to understand ideas and concepts . The second reason is that if you understand ideas and concepts you will eventually get the facts too . Like i kind of said at the first paragraph , understanding helps you study more . It stays in your head longer and you will not forget easily . On the other hand , learning facts , you will forget easily because you just memorized it and did not understand . The third reason is that understanding ideas and concepts are the basic steps . If you want to use anything you have to understand ideas and concepts first . For example , if you want to use a computer you have to understand ideas and concepts of how to use it , like reading the direction . It is not just learning the facts . To sum up , I do not agree with the statement . I seriously think that the more important for students are to understand ideas and concepts and not just learn facts . I think that learning facts would help students for at the moment but not for the long run .
(ARA,medium) Do you know what is the most popular way of selling commercial products in this time ? Of course advertisements on TV and the internte is the answer . Nowadays , most people watch the commercials before they buy the products that they need . This trend led to make some advertisements companies to decorate their products to seem better than its quality . In my opinion , this is a negative issue for several reasons . First of all , it is considerd a kind of cheating people . Most of the purchesers follow the advetisements that attract them without thinking in the real quality of the products because they believed what they have seen in the commercial . In addition , this advertisements would affect on the markets and stores that distribute and sell these products , especially if they were new stores . These stores would buy the products in huge amounts and they may lose a lot of money when the customers stop buying these wily products . Finally , this kind of advertisements leads to a limited happiness and success for its companies . When the people discover the truth of this products , they will stop buying them , them the success end . To conclude , I believe this kind of advertisements do n't last for a long period and cause many
(HIN,medium) yes I am agree that young people enjoy life more than other people . I am agree with that statement beacuse when people is young they have more enthusiasm to live and enjoy life . first reason why I am agree young people enjoy life more beacuse student life is also part of the young life during this period student have to go study for different places . So student can enjoy of travel , can enjoy food of different variety . some student can also prefer to go abrode for their study . so these student can take fun from that country culture . second reason why I am agree young people enjoy life moreBecause young people is very curios about every thing , so they are taking steps to acheive and discover new thing . after discover these thing they become happy . young people enjoy in this way . in the old age these are the events not happens so they are lving silent life . third reason why I am agree young people enjoy life more beacuse for taking enjoy physical fitness and good helth plays a verry importent role for taking enjoy because if your fitness and your helthis not good then your mind will not able to enjoy properly . because during youg age generely we are fit and have a good helth but duiring old age , people start problem with helth . Because a good helth have a good mind , in old erage we can
(CHI,medium) Developing a broad knowledge base on numerous academic subjects rather than specializing in one specific subject implies acquiring knowlege for the purpose of striving for quantity rather than quality . In my opinion , broad knowledge complements or rather acts as a foundation of specialization rather than being more favourable than specialize in one specific subject . Broad knowledge of many academic subjects have been emphasized during our early years of education since it provides students a basis or tool to raise awareness to things occuring round them and a backbone to further develop their knowledge database . It also acts as an appetizer for people to explore different areas of knowlege and discover one that they are willing to dwell deeper into . In addition , it secures a certain level of literacy among the population since people have sufficient knowledge to handle daily matters . However , knowledge is about gaining in depth rather than having a broad yet shallow base . Broad knowledge is similar to information which is easily lost and can hardly sustain . It is by specialization in one specific subject that knowledge can be thoroughly researched , experimented , evolutioned and make a difference to the world we live in . Civilizations take huge strides forward due to the innovation of pioneers who are specialists of their respective subjects . Multinational pharmacuticals invest billions in research and development to sponsor laboratory experiments in developing new medicine that can treat diseases such as AIDS and malaria . Lives are saved by the specialists ' efforts which can not be substituted by people having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Laws and constitutions which act as one of the four pillars of a society is established by lawyers who are also specialists Possessing a wide breadth of knowledge is appreciated as it supports the development of specializing a specific subject which can bring paramount improvements to the world we are living in .
(ITA,medium) I agree with the statement , because only people who risk and do n't keep doing always the same things have some possibility to improve their own economic or social condition . The risk is necessary , since this way you can find out a different activity you have more possibilities to succeed in . For example , most of rich people have followed this lifestyle : they are probably curious and they love to prove and risk . In some cases , they start new activities or invest some money hoping to be lucky in their choises . If you want to succeed , even if fortune is a fundamental element , you need courage and bravery . You must not remain thinking of what to do too much time , because this way you will not take ever any decision . Nevertheless , this type of behaviour is very useful in common life too . You should be sure of your opinions when you take a decision and then you should not change it , because it 's important to have certain values and ideas . You have to accept the risk , considering the advantages and the positive aspects of your choise , and forgetting the negative ones after you have chosen . It is useless and dangerous to keep thinking at your previous decisions . For instance , when you get married you are trying a new experience and you are risking because you do n't know which problems there will be in your life after this fundamental decision , but you decide to get married because you correcty think that is a risk you can take to life a better life with a person you love . You consider love , feelings and positive experiences more important than problems which accompany every marriage . I think that taking risks is the only manner to heve a possibility of success , because behind a risk , there is always a good prospective and a wonderful occasion .
(GER,high) Especiallz the elderlz often complain about the younger genreation . In their opinion the zouth does no longer spend much time of beneficial things to their communitz . I think that 's true . In the following I want to point our = t several reasons why . First , there is a more severe competition among young people on jobs than in the past . Nowadays the youth has to work harder to obtain their goals in their professional life . As a result activities that do not reward in the short run , like helping in the community , are no longer on the schedule of the youth . Despite the honour of politicians and new laws to strenghten the juristical position of voluntary work , many abstain from it . Second , in my opinion people are now more individual than earlier . Young persons occupy themselves with TV or video games . Spending their time alone with no , or little interest in other peoples affairs seems to be more atrractive . This egoistical behaivior can be found in a current published '' Shell Studie '' . As the study points out lesser and lesser young peole are enganged in public interest activities like foodball clubs or scout organisations . Finally , acoording to the study we can assume that more persons are not willing to work hard for other individuals . As a result , oing something to your commmunity is always connected with some labour . Most citizens think to lead a foodball club for kids , for example , can be no fun at all ! It is generally thought that having a beer in a pub or at home is more valuable spend freetime . But is it really ? I think not , working with children is quite satisfying . Monitoring their progress and celebrate victories with the team is real fun , as I know from my own experience . To sum up , a fully agree with the statement . Besides political ambitions are visible , only view individuals are engaged in helping their communities .
(TUR,high) I am totally disagree with this idea . There are some key reasons for the disaggrement . In today 's world , developments continue at very high rate , so this circumstance requires dividing the subjects into some number of parts . This is also valid for academic subjects , since academic life is directly related to development process . You must look at the procedings , provide some new idea and make it real . This means that you will add someting that will be work on it for the further time , maybe it will be another subject which will be considered as a new branch . The main reasons can be listed as diversity of a subject , the new ideas on them and turning the idea to real . First of all , we can examine the situation of expansion of the subject that is a academic one . Today every academic person works to provide some inventions or developments about their fields . What is the way of solving problems about a subject that is studied ? The most effective way of this is dividing it into some reasonable number of parts . For instance , think about the biology , it is a huge area that academic people work on it , but when you look at the academic life , you can see one important thing which is the subject has been divides into many parts such as microbiology , plant systems , genetic science etc . We can find many other subjects that are worked on them , today . Why did they divide the subject ? Actually , the answer is obvious , many people work on it and the area is expanded , to solve the problems as quicky as possible you must work like a team that the members work for a specific part of it . Secondly , we can think the situation that is alive about new ideas . Actually , this is about the expansion process , but we must think this as separate part . Academic people works on many subjects and they try to put some new ideas into the field . How can affect these ideas the division process ? The new ideas mean the new woorking areas , think the one of the most invention called computer and its acedemic side . The computers came out from the electrical and electronical progress . That is , the people who study for the development of electrical process thougt an idea about usage of electricity as bits ( 1 and 0 ) in the scale of current . After this idea , the related academic filed started to thinking it and provided some other developed ideas that required to create a new branch of study . So , they divided the electrical and electronical field into two . This is also valid for today and we can combine this approach with the development process . Because , these new successfull research theories . new developments have gone out . That is , all of them like the example make the area bigger and bigger . As a result , this needs a division for being faster about academic improvements . Finally , we must aware of the process that is division is neccessary for being developped at a higer rate . This makes me being disaggre with the idea that is stated .
(ITA,medium) I do think that successful people try new things instead of doing only what they already know , and i agree that learning something new and taking risks is key for beeing a steap ahead the others . New experiences allow you to try out yourself , to understand your abilities and your lacks , and give you the an opportunity of prove how worth a person is . The first person that comes in my mind when i think to a successful man is Cristoforo Colombo , the seaman that has discovered America . During a Historical period when nobody was believing in this project , reaching india with an other route , he decided to try . Facing the common opinion he went to the king for clering his doubts about the projects . After a long time during which he had to face the strong reactions to his idea and the opinion of the people , he eventually got the ships and the money for his journey . He has demontrated how important beeing confident is and how taking risks can actually pay off . The fact that in the end he did not reached india does no reduce his success , because the main point is that he has demonstrated to Europe how good his idea was . His courage has allowed him to become one of the most important man of is century and even more . On 5the other side , people who do not try new things , are not able to find out who they are . I personally consider what they do like hiding beside what they have already obtained . It is a good way for surviving but it no brings that mach on the long-term .
(KOR,low) People have different opinions on whether it is more important for students to understand idea or to learn facts . I strongly believe that it is more important for students to understand problem than it is for them to learn facts . First , students should learn accuratly about idea . Second , deep problems are required understand to solve idea . Let me explain in detail . To begin with , Many students are expected to understand concepts from their teacher or schoool . Teachers should have more responsible to teach for their children . Let me show an example . If I have a hard time to study difficult math part , it is nessesary to solve time . But If I do not understand principle of that problem , I can not solve . That 's because why I think more to understand idea than to learn facts . Next , We should know cause and result solving problem
(HIN,high) I totally disagree with the statement ` Young People enjoy life more than older people do ' , being in my youth at the age of seventeen I trully feel my level or energy of enjoyment is way greater than that of my uncles and aunts , but this dose n't necessarily mean that people who are older do n't enjoy life . Young people have different kinds of enjoyment in life , as they have a lot of vigour , passion , aggression to do something or to be someone and to enjoy life simultaneously , whereas older people have vigour , passion and aggression for other things which do n't show as they have been through all the ages , they used to enjoy life differently and now they enjoy life as they have attained most of their goals and dreams . I would like to tell you about an example , my dream is to have a house in Australia for which I have to work hard , whereas people who have already achieved things are enjoying their life . There are different types of enjoying life by young people and older people , I would certainly call river raftin , trekking , playing in the snow , watching movies etc. enjoying life to the fullest , whereas my dad and mom would call Cruises , going to meuseums , go for classical music concerts enjoying life . So there is a generation gap , but this dose n't mean that my parents are enjoying life lesser than I am . Its not about how much you enjoy its about how you enjoy life , and that can be same for young people as well as older people . Young people have the time to enjoy life , whereas older people have less time to enjoy it , but all of this depends on how much you are willing to sacrifice just to enjoy life . So at the end of the day you are just trying to enjoy life and not measure who actually enjoyed more or enjoyed less .
(GER,high) As far as different concepts for education in school are concerned it 's still a great issue if learning facts or understanding ideas should have the main priority . The given statement says that to understand ideas is more important than to learn facts . I personally agree with this statement . These are my main points : At first facts can be read in books , thus also be looked up . In our age , when information is so easy accessible ( one could mention the internet here ) , I think the importance of remembering facts is much lower then it perhaps once was . On the other hand it is very difficult to read ideas in books because it is part of the essence of ideas that one must have understood them once if he wants to remember them an use them later . That leads me to my second point : Facts can only hardly be remembered . I personally often had to learn a large amount of facts ; and I forgot them only a few days later . Concerning ideas , that is not the problem . Once unterstood , ( this is truly necessary , as already mentioned ) certain ideas can be remembered a long time after one had learned them . But there is another important point that has to be mentioned . Learning ideas helps to create own ideas . Once the structure of a certain idea or argumentation is understood , the student might be able to adapt those structures in his own way of thinking . In the end this is definitely one condition for maturation and responsibility . Just learning facts wo n't help you to think on your own , perhaps not even to use those facts in a new situation . To put it in a nutshell , I definitey agree with the statement . Thougt there are certain cases in which knowing facts is quite essential , e.g. as history as a subject is concerned . I think it 's not possible to dicuss this issue argueing just for one of the mentioned concepts . But refering to the thesis , just saying that it is MORE IMPORTANT to understand ideas , I can agree .
(SPA,high) I believe that both things are necessary . This is a great question and also it could be a big dilemma . Based on my own experience is how i reach this conclusion . Nowadays i am dentist , but i just got my degree five months ago . While i was still in my fourth year of university , i came up with the same question . I was a very good student with high grades , but all i could talk to people about was teeth and the oral cavity . I even used to say , as a joke , that i had tooth-shaped brain ! I felt really bad about my reality so i looked forward to find an extracurricular activity that had nothing to do with dentistry . Thus i registered myself for the Selection of the Universidad Central de Venezuela in the World Model of the United Nations ( WorldMUN ) . WorldMUN is an event organized by Harvard University with the purpose of gathering students from universities from all over the world , in order to discuss the current agenda of the UN ; in other words , students play the role of diplomatics that defend the position of certain country , regarding an especific topic of real life . I have to admit that it was quiet hard for me because the training process implied to study and know many things about general culture , universal history and current world events , and those where subjects i was not familiar with at all . But after a huge effort , i finally got to go to Beijing , China in march of this year , with 28 other UCV students . The team got the first prize among more than 200 other universities from around the world . That does not mean that i am not interested anymore in getting an specialization of my career . On the contrary `` i want '' now to do an oral and maxillo-facial surgery specialization . So my conclusion is that someone does not need to be completely in favor of one option , i believe that one person can manage him or herself to have knowledge in many academic subjects , but at the same time , he or she can have a specialization . The mind has no limits , you put the limits !
(KOR,low) Succesful people try new things and take risks . Most important of succesful people 's quilities are creative and activity . Successful people always want to new thing and they are created . For example , In the korea . famouse musician Moon Jae Sook , she is traditional korea instument ( Gayagum ) player . Acually Gayagum is old instrument and the songs are not any more popuation . So , She was made of new song and she play . also she play westurn class music by Gayagum . People surprised the Gayagum 's new sound . Now , Korea young traditional artist try make a new song . Secondary , successful people are not only creative , but also they are activity . They do n't want just thinkig . If they got a idea , They make it reality . Third , Successful people has good people . Recently most of important is relationship . Varity relation ships are helpful all situation . So I agree that successful people try new things and take risk .
(JPN,medium) Some people might disagree that it is more important that students understand ideas and concepts than it is that they learn facts because the facts are more concrete and easy to understand and distinguish each other . But personally , I think it important that the students learn something adjustable to each environment and flexible to the problems they will encounter . Therefore , I agree that it is more important that they understand the ideas and concepts than learn facts . First , if students learn the idea and concepts from their experiences , they will be able to easily adjust themselves to the similar problems in the future . For example , my major was biology and I have done a lot of experiments related to the cancer bilogy . When I extracted the DNA , there are many different kinds of methods . Sometimes each laboratory uses a unique way to do so . But at the begining , I read the books and understood the ideas and the concepts beneath the protocols , I did not get confused when I changed the laboratory and encountered the different method of the DNA extraction . Second , if students learn the idea and concepts , they can modify problems and even produce the new discovery . Fo example , when I read the vast amounts of research papers , some people reported the differnent results from the others and there were a lot of confusions . But once I leaned the concepts of the reaserch purposes and approches , I could summurized why they produced the different facts and realized that all of data were actually suporting the same consequences . Even , this findings leaded me to a novel discovery . For these reasons described above , I think that it is pretty important that students learn the concepts and the ideas of their problems and experiences . These concepts and ideas would be very useful for them to resolve the problem and find the solution of the difficult enviroment in the future .
(GER,high) This question is not easy to answer . On the one hand , I think understanding ideas and concepts is very important . On the other hand , I think learning facts is also very necessary . Understanding ideas and concepts , mainly determines or belongs to evolving a good sound knowledge . A good understanding of such ideas and concepts is always a basic component of a sound knowledge . Ideas and concepts may be taught in a very casual way , so that students can remember such ideas and concepts easier . Perhaps they 're using quizzes or games , for example . Learning should not consist of just learning facts by heart . Of course , pupils and students have to learn some important facts , for instance , geographical or historical facts . It is proved that pupils who have to learn only facts may have good or even excellent results in exams , but they also tend to forget things faster . If pupils understand ideas and concepts , of what they have been taught , they can reproduce it more quickly . They see basic relations between different ideas , concepts and aspects . They probably wo n't forget things as fast as pupils do who only learned facts . Reproduction is a very important part of the learning process . As long as you can reproduce ideas and concepts , you know or you are able to understand what you have been taught so far . By way of conclusion , I think students should have both , an understanding of ideas and concepts and learned fact . The mixture is important . Emphasis should be on the understanding . A basis must be designed and this basis must be completed with single facts , which students have to learn . But , the facts cannot be missed out . It would be unthinkable to know the ideas of , for example , the French Revolution , but not knowing when this event took place . The same with geography , it is good to know the customs and habits of , for instance , Japan , but you also have to know were it is situated . So , as mentioned before there should be an approbriate balance between both , understanding and learning .
(JPN,high) There are three reasons why I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . It is becuase I believe that students will not be able to learn the facts unless they understand its ideas and concepts , it is very likely for them to forget the facts if they skip the step to understand ideas and concepts , and if they have no knowledge on how the fact becomes a fact they will not be able to teach or explain it to other people . Firstly , the pupils will not be able to learn the facts completely unless they understand ideas or concepts since the facts are formed from the concepts . I cannot imagine myself learning a fact and understanding it perfectly without the knowledge of its background . Secondly , the facts that are being learned will not remain in the students ' heads just by memorizing them . Unless they understand the ideas and concepts of it , they will soon forget it , for example after the unit test is over . That will definitely not benefit their lives in the future and it would mean that the time they spent on learning the fact was meaningless afterall . Lastly , the students who learn the facts without understanding the concepts and ideas will not be able to teach or explain about the topic to others . I feel that it is a shame for them , and I will be embarrased if I am in a situation where I cannot make a thorough explanation when I should know something about it . In conclusion , I agree to the statement `` it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. '' because students cannot learn facts without understanding ideas and concepts , the facts will not benefit them without the knowledge of the background , and they will not be able to teach and explain to their peers when they do not have the understanding of ideas and concepts . I believe that to understand ideas and concepts is an unneccessary step to be skipped .
(GER,high) Advertisement has got a great influence on society today . Everywhere you can read : `` Buy our product as it is better than the other ones . '' Companies try to make the people buy their product to gain more and more money . As far as I am concerned , I think , most of the products which are advertised for are not as good as the advertisement promised they are . First of all you have to ask yourself why the companies advertise thier products . The answer is not really difficult . The only thing a company cares about is how much money the owner or the management of this company will receive at the end . But for being able to sell a product they have to made this product popular and well-known in the population . They have to build up certain image of this product which has to be rather positive . Otherwise they would fail to achive their aims of higher and higher wages . To achieve these aims they have to opt for advertising their product in a positive way and it does not matter how good the quality of a product really is . The Opel company serves as a good example here . The Opel company always advertised its automobiles as being the best car among the others and that you will never get problems with this car . But this was only a trick to make more people to buy their cars . So there are more and more products which has got a quite good advertisement but in real only a poor quality . In the end companies acting in this way cheat on the persons who buy these products . However , I think there are some possiblities to take an advantage of this situation of decreasing honesty in advertisement . Companies which do not try to cheat on customers and submit that their product just have the ability and qualitiy it really has the customer will thank the company for its honest advertisement and eventuelly buy more of the company 's products . But now both , company and customer have got advantages of this solution .
(CHI,medium) In ordinary life , we often have to face delimmatic choices , just as the statement gives rise to a debate over whether the understanding of ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts . some people assert that understanding ideas and concerpts are more important for students , while other people believe that learning facts is more benefit to students . As a matter of fact , this issue is a complex and a controversial one . Different person will have their different choice due to their distinct background . In my opinion , there is not a universial answer to this question , and which choce takes precedence may quite depend on the specific situation . the final decision , nevertheless , should rely on a case - by-case analysis . As far as I am concenrned , however , I agree that learning facts is more important . I would like to provide evidences and gives reasons to suport my choice . The first argument that can be presented to support my option is that real knowledge comes for practice . I can think that there is not a better example of the idea than the obvious fact that learning swimming must make practice . only understand idea and concepts can not grasp swimming . to illustrate , that chemical experiments make students to learn chemistry knoweledges more better . Although that real skill comes from learning facts is an imporant aspect , it is not the only explanation for me to choose the statement that learning facts is more useful . the increased value places on the idea that facts are the deep understanding to the ideas and concepts . In addition , according to my personality and experience , as well as common sense , I believe that learning facts is a better choice for students . To be sure , it may be true that understanding ideas and concepts are useful in some condictions . however , this is not fufficient to support to claim that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . It is too weak to strengthen the argument . In cloclusion , based on the above mentioned reasons , which sometimes correlate with each other to make part of a larger unit , thus become more convincing than each single one of them . So we can firmly to say learning facts is more important .
(FRE,high) It would be universally acknowledged that young people enjoy life more than older people do . According to me , this statement can not be entirely true . Let us consider my personal view and the comparison between a young people life and an older person life . For the great majority of people , youngness brings all that a person want : health , beauty , love and so on . And it is wright . But something everybody ignores , is the notion of time . In our society who has time to do what they want ? Currently , young people are the most of the time students . They have a lot of work to pass their exams and have their dilpoma . By this way , they study a lot and spend their time working at home or on campus . added to this question of time , a student has no money . Studies are very expensives , above all in the United-States . A master could cost 20 000 euros for a year . It would be difficult to have extraordinary week-ends or travel to a foreign country or to do a very expensive sport . All these things bring us to consider diferently a young people life . With no time and no money , how could a student really enjoy is life ? On the other hand , older people do not have all the daily life problems ' . Of course , they have some healthy problems but they have time because they are retired . They worked all their life , they accumulated money . They can travel all over the world and make their dream possible . They do n't have children at home , they do n't have a lot of preocupation . They can live their life as they want , see their friends when they want . According to me , older people could enjoy life a lot . This brief presentation can lead us to reconsiderate the statement . Young people are to busy to lead their life as they want . Old people have this opportunity . It is important to realize this . It is my personal opinion .
(TEL,medium) Aquiring knowledge is a continuous process in the human life , so its impartent for every body have knowledge through learning , i disagree with the authors assertion that `` It is good to have a broad knowledge of many subjects than to have special knowledge in a perticular subject '' , whybecause improving knowldge in the perticular area enable the indivisual to aquire complete grip on the subject and eventually makes him to invent somthing in that specialization , there are two resons to support my opinion , one with out specizlist there is no kind of new discoveries possible other the specialist have wide knowledge about the thier field so that they can solve many problems that occur in thier field . Firstly , specialization is impartent to build a good society , students should choose specific subjects of thier intrests , rather improving the knowledge in the vast fields , this enable them to aquire a full grip on the field and they can invent new thing in that area , and form new theories which were impossible for a generalist to do . There are so many specialist become scientists , take for example Einstine he is a civil student but his extreem intrest in the physics made him a great scientist of 20th century and to form theory of relativity , so improving the knowledge in a perticular area will help the person to achive greater heights . Secondly , if a problem come in perticular field , say in a factory which is manufacturing the wine and encounter a serious problem that wine taste has got changed , the employes over there are generalist not specialist to solve the problem , at this time the requirement of specialist arises , he has complete knowledge of the chemial component that are used to make wine and the amount of proportion to mix to get a perticular taste . He can solve the problem by giving a better solution otherwise it is bit difficult task for the generalist ( employee ) to solve it . Finelly i can say that the people should aquire the knowledge in a perticular area , which help them and the society to have a better future with the inventions and solutions to the problems , eventhough generalist serve the purpous of integrating the tasks of specialist , however with out specialist generalist are like rats in a hole without having the knowledge how to to come out , so Improving knowledge in perticular field is impartent rather than learning unneccessary subjects that have no relation with the specialization .
(ARA,low) In twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today . that was in my openian . I have some reasens for that . The first reason , before more than twenty years ago there are cars and dont find other to transfer our from one place to other in the same city . So the cars become mare and more from the bast . In fact , there are other equpmet to transfer our from one plase to other in other city , for example there are trains , planes and subways , that was faster from cars but still the cars are the importnat . In other hand to supose my openion the goverment make more fasilities for the rode and more safety , for exampel , I prefer the travel by car because it is com fortable for me , i can find the resturants in the rode and rest areas . so i stop to take relax in the time that i feel tired , but when i travel on the plane or tain i can not stop to take relax . There are othor reason , when i travel by car i see the diferent viwes and i learn my children about it , and we can viset more cities on the rode before i reach the place that i want . In sumary the cars are the most spesilaties for the families , we can not fewer cars untile find the other have all advantages .
(JPN,medium) I agree with this sentence . Even though most of young people have enough time to give a help for theif communities , they does n't do , I think . Most of young people have time for themselves . For example , they play sports , see movies , and so on . They always enjoy `` their time '' . There are few young people who have such `` time '' . But in most cases , they do n't help their communities . Because , of course , it is funnier to play sports , see movies . Probably they do n't argue that they have enough time to help their communities , but in fact they do n't think that they want to spend `` thier time '' on helping their communities , I think . We can understand this when we think a young person who is really busy . He does n't have time to do many things . Naturally , he wants to do something he like to do and probably he does it . There are n't many young people who like to help their communities , I think . Then , Why do people help theire communities ? It is because these people have much thanks to their communities . They want to do `` reply '' to their communities . So they spend their time on helping their communitiies . So , I argue that it is important to educate young people . For example , I think that it 's good to make time to know work of their communities as one of school works . Young people do n't know work of their communities well . So , they do n't have enough thanks to spend their `` precious '' time on helping their communities . That is , it is necessary that young peple know local work of the people who help their communities very well . I agree with this sentence because of these reasons .
(ARA,low) I am agree if we do not use cars in twenty years , but how ? that is a question . and also if we do not a petrol for the car . Some country make car without using petrol ' how ? this car use the x ray of the sun , that will not use a petrol so it will not be polution in the air and we keep the envairoment clear . Also there another solution we can use a car without petrol how ? In Germany in BMW designed car by using water or Haydrogeen . I saw this car , it 's very nice but expensive car no problem I Will not buy one , this car need spcial station for fill the fule . but also save envairomental from polution . Also some student make a car by using the air .
(SPA,medium) Of course that a successful person try new things and risk , if you do n't make any change in your live , you always will have the same life , for example , when i was a child my mother only depended in the economic way from my dad , but my mother recieved a extra money from her mother , and with the money she opened a baby store , then 4 years passed from that year until she was aware that the store was no selling well , and she changed the direction of her life and began to open a new store dedicated to sell decoration products , and she began to make popular in the city , and with the time she was earning more money than my dad . Now by her , i can apply to a university in unites states , and pay my classes there , i could not do it only with my dad money , my mother has given to me a big opportunity . Therefore , if my mother have n't taken the risk to open her store , she maybe would not have the confort that she have now . other story from my grandfather , he was poor before he came from argentina , his country , and he settled here in peru , however he worked hard and converted into a rich man here , he started to sell everything , and accumulating money , then he work in a oil company and with the time he bought the company and made it big , he helped a lot of poor workers , because they remembered to him . Personally i never knew my grandfather , i was child living in other city of peru when he died . but my father told me good stories about him . Thus , try new things , taking risk may give a improvement of life and happiness .
(ARA,medium) Many things make the person sucssesfull in his society , and what you exist of experience in your life will addition your ability to face many problem in your life . first of all these two choises have thier benefits in our life , but when i ought to chose one of them i will chose the first choise , because its more suitable to me , in my opinion the person must have many different knowledges and many different subject because knowing is a very useful thing to the person in many ways like to become a useful person in this life and it will improve his behaviour to do and speak well , for example i face some difficulties to read many subject in 2005 because i have a test that major my ability , and if i pass this test i will take a present but its very valuable present , when i get home with frustrating didnt passing the test , and without any present my mother said to me , that not every thing in our life is money , present and so on , but we have many benefit things to upset to dont have it like the knowledge . if i had a good knowledge i would pass the test , then i understoond that to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to have the present . so always when the person have the chance to learn dont miss his chance and to try many times to get it , because you will if you have the well . so each person must have the ability to learn and to learn and have many knowledge because nothing will stay forever like the knowledge , and we heared about many scholors who faced many hard situations but they complete thier studies and thier learning and teaching also to let this sciense pass to many people . finally no one have adoubt that knowledge is the most important thing and the key to many achievement in our life .
(TEL,medium) I definitely agree with the statement that Young people enjoy their life much more than that the older people do . But there are few people who can enjoy happily at their older age also . The main factors why youg people enjoy a lot was , their mind may not be much matured , their will be very less problems to face when we are in the childhood stage , and also they were attracted by many things . Firstly when young people enter to their school or collage they feel very happy they make a lot of friends and they would spend a lot of time by chatting to them differant things such as Foot ball match which take place in few days back , and they also spend lot of time in the play grounds are at cinema theaters , and many other places they tried to enjoy a lot because their would be not much problems sorrounding them , their is no need earn money either their is no need to do a job , and even though a student is going for a part time job he like to enjoy the weekands a lot . Secondly when people are young they attracted to several things such as riding a car , going to new films , attracted to a new fasions or styles . people at their young age they would be attracted to a lot of things , childreans mainly spent a lot of time by playing vedio games daily . They will be attached to their TV sets long time . And many people like playing outdoor games such as Football , Rugby , Cricket so on . Young people spend lots of time in enjoying their daily life . Finally most of the young people spend their most of the time to enjoy only , but in the end of the day they should realise that they should work hard in the present days then only they can build their happy feauters . If they spend all the time by playing , watching TVs they cannot survive in they meare feauter they should face many problems , so every student should ellocate some time to study and plan their feauters .
(JPN,medium) I can see no reasons to object it . But I would like to make it clear that this issue is limited to most of advanced countries . It is needless to say that the infrastructures and facilities is not still prepared in most of developing countries . Even if the conditions is getting better , it is far away from discussing in this point . Any way , there are three principal reasons to support that I completely agree . Firstly , other transportation systems such us a train and a plane have been developing in the matter of time and also in the matter of money . Now , the number of trains is available everyday . Of course about a plane , too . Gradually , the cost has become cheaper than before . Actually , I could fly to U.S by 300 dollars . It is much ceaper than before . Secondly , from environmental point of view , people have changed their minds into preserving clean air . This is largely due to the fact cars have influenced badly . Lastly , the family structure has been changing . For instance , there many families which do not have their child in it . This means they do not need their cars to go away in more safer way . I know the importance of cars . However , I would like to stress the advantages of environmental problem . To sum up , I agree this idea .
(KOR,medium) I agree with the statement that students have to get the ideas and concepts than just learning facts . The learning will be more effective , improves their brain work , and the lifestyle can change posetive . First , the learning would be more efficient . Students have to think and understand to get the ideas and concepts . And this process makes them think why the facts happen and gives them a purpose to learn . In consquence , they will apply that on every learning . For example , in science class , there are many kind of principles students need to understand , and thinking why this principle happen will make the student curious . That way leads the student more participate in class and has fun in learning . It will be much better for the student to think by himself ( herself ) rather than just being taught the fact and try to remember . Also , it will improve their brain working by understand the concepts . They learn how to think logically and from that they get good grades at objects like math , science , physics , and so on . Not only the school grades but also the brain work will improve and the student could be more intelligent . For instance , the one who have always thought about the ideas and the concepts and the one who has n't have a big difference in the quality of knowledge . Finally , students lifestyle can change . They can get more posetive then they were . Thinking logically or hard definitely creates a good mind . And those who do can easily get calm down and get relaxed . Especially when they get angry , they can get stop arguing and start to think about solving the problem . Therefore , I agree that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . It makes the learning more effective , improves their brain , creates a posetive mind . For these reasons I agree with the statement .
(ITA,high) On my opinion , the success during life is given by a variety of elements : luck , capacity to choose the right moment to do something , knowledge of course and , for sure , the capacity to try new risks , new thinghs and new challenges rather than only doing what you already do well . Let 's think about some examples . The economic field is full of people that started from nothing , had a particularly good business idea and became rich and famous in a relatively short time . I have in mind the example of Henry Ford : he had the idea , he developed it and everyone now knows his name . Of course , you do n't just need a good idea but you need also other elements , like the ones I wrote above . Moreover you have to know that you are facing big risks that could completely destroy what you have made . Let 's Imagine an hipotetic world in which people do not love cars : the Henry Ford 's idea would probably not have been successful . This is part of the risk . Another good example is the following . Let ' s imagine a shares market investor : he could behave in a not aggressive way , investing almost all the amount of his money in bonds and just a few money in shares or he could risk trying to gain as much as he can with the shares of an emerging country . Well , if everything goes well for him , he will become richer than before otherwise he will lose what he has . Stating this , I do not want to say that it is better to risk instead of having a secure return ; I just want to say that to have success you need to be a little risky and try new challenges that you have not already tried . But maybe it is not the only way to have success . If you do something well , sometimes it is not useful to try new experiences . It could be better to try to specialize yourself more on your activity to achieve the success in your field . So , on my opinion , the best way depends on your personality and on how much you want to risk everything you have done until the moment you decide if it is better or not to try new challenges .
(KOR,medium) I agree that it is more important for students to understnad ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . There are some reasons that student should learn and understand ideas and concept before the learn facts and that they need to have solid mental background as base . First , learning facts without understanding ideas and concept is same as making a sand castle . For example , if they use a machine or instument for any reason without knowing the mechanism or concept , they can copy some work but they ca n't make creative work . Or when they encounter some problems , they ca n't solve anything and have to depend on other people who know the mechanism . Second , they wo n't be creative . They do n't need to start from scratch for everything . However , once they know some concepts , they can manuplate and apply many things as they want and develope the current stage of work or improve to make it productive . The third reason is a making a good habit when they learn ideas and concepts . People who like to learn facts usually are lazy or superficial . Once people learn facts first , they do n't want to learn ideas or concept because learning basic needs a lot of time and effort until they get the final product . They do n't want to spend their time and energy for learning invisible things . They want just product without efforts . Students mean who are learning new things and developing their ability for their future or for societies they are belonged to . Therefore , I think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , especially when they are young .
(GER,high) I definitely agree with this statement . There are several different reasons . First of all there is the problem with having children . Almost every older person has already his or her children . This circumstance makes it impossible to be indipendent for example travelling around the world , going out , meeting friends , changing the job , changing your partner , planning your day individualy , etc . In my opinion everything seems much more complicated . By the time you are getting older and older and your health is decreasing . This means free time activities are getting limited . Most of the time older people do have more money and time to spend but are not able to live their dream because of children or physical problems . These aspects do not mean that older people are not enjoying their life because this depends from the point of view . I am right now a young person and it is clear that I am not ready to have children . I 'm enjoying life now because I have the possibility to study , to go abroad to learn and improve different languages , to plan my whole day and week without taking care of someone . This way of thinking seems really selfish and ignorant , but exactly this aspect makes it possible for young people to enjoy their life more than older people do , or better , even can . Through this behavour it is possible to gain experience in different fields which creates finally your character and your point of view towards the whole social , public and private life . This ignorant way of thinking also helps you to prepare yourself of not being hurt from others and .
(KOR,high) The humanity has experienced numerous series of developments . But if it were not for new equipments that allowed for efficient hunting of animals , farming that made stable livelihood possible , and the development of Internet that brought the world together , we would n't be living in the world so conveniently as now . The same thing could generally be applied to humans themselves . Thus , I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than focusing on what they can do well . Only doing what one already know how to do well leaves no space for any further advancement . A story of mine would be an example . I used to be very weak in mathematics despite the fact that I try to solve a lot of problems . Without knowing the reasons , I went to a math academy where the teacher found the reason for me . I was only solving the problem that I knew how to solve ; I was avoiding hard ones . Thereafter , I try to solve whatever I confronted and became good at math . It is also a historically proven fact . If the Wright Brothers had n't tried to fly like a bird , or if they gave up in the progress because of the adversities and risks , the airplanes would n't have been invented . If Samsung 's Lee Geun-hee had n't tried semiconduct some decades earlier than any other company 's leaders , Korea would n't have been able to credit Samsung for its assistance in the coutry 's developments . Some might argue with a famous proverb , ` Jack of all trades and master of none ' , claiming that concentrating on what one knows best is advisable rather than trying everything . Yet ` Failure is the mother of success ' rebuts that proverb . Even when something is out of one 's specialty , it still is worth trying because that could possibly give the person new perspectives and understandings . Although it seems risky and needs a lot of courage to take on new things , one must proceed in order to success ; it 's the common characteristic of successful people . As is proven personally and historically , and by a well-accepted proverb , it could be said that trying new things and facing risks bring success .
(ARA,low) In my point of view i agree that people should have the risk in trying new things instead to doing things in life that he/she is used to doing . If people dont try doing things that they are not used to do they will never learn in life . Life changes life will never stay the same so you have to go out and see what is going on around the world , dont be shy to ask people things that you dont know other wise you will never learn , never feel imbarased to ask becasue people also did not have a clue what they are doing before asking and looking up in book , internet or magazines . If there is things in life that you dont know and you have asked several people about it and they still not know never give up about it , act ast it was a challange to you , if you do n't fight and work hard and ask people any time you go and look up something else and you ca n't find it beleive me that you will never find out anything in your life . Life is tuff but you have to be tuffer .
(FRE,high) In our current society , it is thought that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . First , I would disagree with this statement because there are so many humanitarian organizations and associations that high school and college students are involved in during their course of study . For example , in academic institutions , there are associations runned by young people who focuse on helping handicapped students feel more at ease and equal in class . The services proposed are various : support during courses by working in teams and preparing collective projects or suggesting gatherings and pick nicks after class in order to meet . Moreover , there are so many young people serving and helping poor countries to develop their education and health measures nation wide and internationally . The Red Cross , the United Nations , the World Bank , for example , focuse their work on helping people . For their missions , these organizations send each year thousands of young people and young graduates from developped countries to acquire work experience but mostly to share their own knowledge by making the poor and needing people who live in much further communities taste a better and happier life . On the contrary , the statement can be partly true because some young people grow in a more selfish way nowadays . They are brought up to be spoiled and learn to take more than to give , and that increases personal pride and self satisfaction . Some progress and new technologies , such as mass consumption or just sating at home and playing video games , have bad influence on young people . Consequently , they build anger , hate and jealousy between each other . Another factor among young people is laziness and lack of responsability . In conclusion , this statement must be debated and it cannot just reflect the one and only vision of the world . A lot of people work hard to help improve their communities , even for free , and will try to travel in order to share the ideas they have already implemented in their commnutiy .
(TEL,medium) I strongly agree with the statement that it is more important to understand the ideas and concepts rather than just learning about the facts . I would say that students should come up with an idea to invent a new product and think about the concepts behind them rather than going through it blindly . Firstly , I would like to discuss that being a pharmacy student , i would come up with an idea of inventing a new anti-cholesterol drug which would be suitable for so many people who is sufffering from the high cholesterol problems which are related to the heart diseases , diabetes and other dangerous diseases that is killing many people . I believe this would be a good step and look for the consequeses before go through it further . Secondly , i would describe about the concepts of inventing a new drug into the market . I would do the research and I would go through many pharmacy books which i have studied during my graduation and look for the concepts behind it like , the adsorption , distribution , metabolism and elimination of the drugs and also for the adverse effects , contraindications and the interaction with the other drugs . I would also look for the dosage form to be manufactured before stepping forward . Thirdly , i would like to mention that before putting the idea further , i would put all these particulars on a new drug approval form an submit to the drug approval agency for getting it approved before doing the clinical trials and enter into the market . In conclusion , i would say that it is very important to understand the the idea and concept for every student to go further into their research and learn the facts about the their research .
(CHI,high) I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . In my opinion , traveling alone or in an autonomous small group offers more depth and freedom to a trip . However , traveling with a group and guide also has certain aspects that may appeal to people with different tastes . Traveling alone or in a small group often means a less rigid and more flexible travel plan . You are only limited by when the plane/boat/bus arrives or leaves . Everything else , from where to stay , where to dine , or what sites to visit , can be arranged on the fly or changed on a whim . For example , a trip to Europe originally meant to see the great castles of the middle ages can easily be changed to an exciting adventure focusing on the modern night clubs of Paris . In most tour groups , the whole trip is planned out in advance , the hotels booked , the tours arranged . In my opinion , this lack of freedom means that you are n't able to pursue what interests you most about the place you are traveling in , and instead must conform to what the tour guide chooses as `` worth seeing '' or `` interesting '' . Another benefit of independent traveling is the possibility of more depth to the whole experience . As mentioned before , most tour groups have to follow a rigid schedule . Take the Europe trip for example again ; if you were to come across a beautiful , intricate little chapel in the castle you are visiting , you could stay there for the rest of the day if you wished to , taking in the beauty of the place at leisure . On the other hand , if you were in a tour group , the only way to appreciate that beautiful chapel would probably be to sacrifice a restroom break in the hopes of snapping a few extra pictures . Another example would be visiting a museum , if you are going with a guide and group , the experience will be limited to what the guide can show you , often no more than a rushed glance of the most famous works , and then it 's off to the next piece . However , visiting a museum alone means that you are able to appreciate all the artwork that interests you , without the pressure to leave in time for dinner . However , it must also be acknowledged that traveling in a group with a guide can have several advantages as well . Most importantly is that the tour guide is often someone familiar with the local language and customs , which can make arrangements of dining and lodging easier . Most tour group agencies also have deals with the local hotels and retaurants , which in turn means cheaper deals or better quality accomodations . For someone who travels to relax , eat good food , and stay at five star hotels , it would be better to go with a group . In conclusion , I think the best way to travel is not in a group led by a guide , but rather alone or with a small group . This is because that I treasure freedom and the potential for a deeper experience more than the conveniences of traveling with a group .
(ITA,medium) The number of cars on our planet is a very important problem but we are moving on the right direction and i think in the next twenty years will be fewer cars in use than there are today . The first point to support this opinion is that the oil is going to finish in not a long time and still now there are n't other tecnology as efficent for cars . Therefore to use cars will be more expensive and less people would pay for that . Another point is the air pollution caused by cars . Infact the environment is damnaged by cars and to solve this problem the solution is to reduce the number of cars on the Earth . Finally the pubblic tranports are becoming more efficent and there are a lot of projects to construct new metropolitan line , railways station and to increase the number of buses , so iwill be more easy and fast to use pubblic transport . Also the flights by planes are going to become more cheaper in the next twenty years and they will to cover more short distance lines , so an increasing number of people are going to use often the plane instead than cars . To conclude I think in twenty years there will be fewer cars in cars than today
(HIN,medium) I am agree on this statement that `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many subjects '' . As per my view looking at present days scinario , it is better to have a lot of knowledge of many subjects . As science is in a phase of revolution and todays necessities that people should to have an interdisciplinary person . Another point is that using multydimensonal approach to solve any problem . Firstly , now a days it 's time for revolution and renovation . Since , time is changing and we are in 21st century , so we have rebuild many concept because todays the science has achieved so much and technology is also in very good condition . We have also to find out some answers of many questions which are not solved yet . Therefore , we have to be gain knowledge of many subjects to improve our ideas . Secondly , we should try to get enroll in various new and intradisciplinary subjects . Here I want to say that at present time 's need that we should try to get admisson in various new subjects and it 's much better to take an Interdisciplinary subject . By studying an interdisciplinary subject , we can gain a knowledge of a variety of subjects . For example , Applied sciences can provide a vast knowledge of various subjects , which we ca n't get from any specialized subject . Another example may be of Bioinformatics , where we learn and read various subjects as Biology , Computersciences , Information technology , Maths , Stats , Physics and Chemistry . So that I think this type of students can work much better and can handle various types of problems . Thirdly , multydimensinal approach can solve some critical problems . Present time it is a very nice idea to be an multidimensonal person . For example , in any research institute 's theres a problem which involves Physics , Mathmatics and Biology , then here is a proplem that not any person knows all the things so here a person having multisubjects knowledge can do well . So that we can make a model and can solve a problem without any problem . Therefore , I can say on the basis of these some points that it is better to have a knowledge of varivous subjects . Means jack of all tra
(CHI,medium) Older people enjoy life more than younger people because of time , money , and freedom . Although they do n't much more spirit than the young people , they value enjoying life more than young people . Older people cannot live in the world with a long period of time , so they try to enjoy life with their sons , daughters , wives , or husbands . They try to spend much more time on their families , besides spending time on working . It is because many of them are retired or work less than young people . Young people always spend their time on their works , without enjoying life with their families . So , older people have more spare time to enjoy life with their families . Moreover , older people realized that they have so many things , which they want to do most . And they cannot do them when they were young . For example , they want to travel around the world . They have much money and so much time to travel around , which compares to young people . If you do n't have enough or much money , how can you enjoy better life . Many people do n't have much money because they need to buy a house for their life in the future , their saving accounts do n't have enough money for them to enjoy life . Older people have less things to care about . For example , older people , who is over fifty years old , do not need to care so much about their sons ' or daughters ' education , or their daily lives because they are mature enough to take care of themselves or supports their own live . Older people have much more freedom , so they can enjoy life without any worries . They have more opportunities for them to do other things with lots of freedom . In the conclusion , young people have many limitations which cause them enjoy life less than older people .
(FRE,medium) I almost agree with this statement , but i think some criticize can be inferred . Actually for some context it is obviously better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , like in college or with others students but also to be abble to choose what you want to do . While to be specialize in one specific subject can close some possiblities , but it wil be easier to be outstanding in one specific subject . On the one hand to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is the system of all schools , when you are young you do n't learn just french or math , you have learned everything in the same time . There is a reason of this system , he has been created to be allow the student to be open minded , the history show us how is important to be not focus on only one thing , even the great genius was n't focused on only one subject . Lets take an example , Leonard Da Vinci was a genius in paint so during his life he has developed this quality , but not only he was also interested by the biology , more specefically how the human body works . On the other its allows to choose what you really want to do . For me it is important to have choice between diferents specialities , i mean i have to know a little bit of everything if i want to make a good choice about my future . For example when i was young i was really interested by litterature , i started to read really early so i thought maybe the best thing for me is to take litterature class later , but i realized how wrong i was when i discovered my love for biology . So i decided to not make choice between two things that i love , i decided to try another academic subjects , to know a broad of everything , and maybe later i will specialize . Now , i study in law college so i am specialized but it 's ok because i made some diferents things before i choose law . So i just to improve myself in law , which is already hard but more easier than if i have all academic subjects .
(TUR,medium) We encounter many choices of subjects in our academic lives . The number of topics increase as a student proceeds in her studies and she is forced to make some decisions . There are many areas to specialize on but one also may choose not to specialize on a subject but to spread her interest into a set of subjects . Spreading interest on a apectrum of topics and having broad knowladge of many subjects have many advantages over specializing in one . These include ability to work in different fields , ability to change field of work and having a good general knowladge . First of all , a ` jack of all trades ' can work in a wide spectrum of jobs as she has fundementals for them . In jobs world , many specific thing are learned with practice , one generally does not have to have a deep knowladge in a field to get started . Secondly , it is easier for one to change the area of her interest if she has a variety of knowladge . People generally get bored if they do the same thing over many years and getting to a new position , doing something different makes people feel refreshed . Having knowladge over a spectrum of subjects also means knowing things that are not directly related to one 's current field of work or subject of research . Thus she can communicate others who have similar but not same academic and professional interests . A good general knowladge alone is intellectually satisfying and makes people have self confidence . In conclusion , we can say that having broad knowladge of many subjects is advantageos of spcializing ine one subject . One with a variety of knowladge can work in different fields , change her field of interest when easier and is armed with more general knowladge .
(KOR,high) It is hard to say that which one is better . But if I were given a chance to choose one of them , I would rather to say that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because understanding ideas and concepts are more beneficial than learning facts . Let 's shed some light on the disadvantage of learning facts . It can be misleading information only if the fact is an exception of the ideas and concepts . For example , let 's assume that some frogs are dark brown but most frogs are green . If a child looks at the dark brown frog , he of she might consider all frogs as dark brown frogs . As this example , wrong information may be worse than not knowing . Also , it has small advantage which is that people learn more vividly . On the other hand , to understand ideas and concepts helps people understand facts more . If someone has no idea about specific idea and concept , he or she might not be able to catch that which ideas of concepts belong to the fact . Unlikely , if I understood some ideas and concepts , I could handle the fact better . From my experience , when I was on camping , I needed a fire . I realized that I forgot to bring a liter . Then , I could make a fire easily with glasses because I understood the concept of light reflection . It was very useful . I was proud myself . As all is concerned , I prefer to understand ideas and concepts . In my opinion its advantage always overweigh the advantage of to learn facts .
(HIN,medium) In today 's world where information is the key factor in any success and the things are so complex that every subject is related to another area , I would agree with the idea that the knowledge of many academic subjects is better . The communication is the key factor for success today and the successful and effective communications need information on varied topics and different aspects of a subject . To communicate effectively it is very important to have knowledge on various subjects and multiple aspects related to a subject . Since the things are so complex and closely related it makes it a neccesity to have knowledge on related subjects even when one is talking about a particular subject . Another key reason for which I would favor the knowledge on multiple subjects is the fact that this provides multiple opportunities in choosing profession and choosing things one likes . Until one has information on various subjects the opinions and the likings are biased and are because of the lack of awareness . The knowledge on various subjects makes things interesting and a person curious which further adds to the knowledge of the person and thus such a person grows its knwoledge continually .
(FRE,high) Although some people prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide , I strongly prefer to travel individually . In my opinion , travelling in a group offers several drawbacks . First of all , travelling in a group prevents you to discover things by yourself because you always stay with the group . In addition , you always rely on the guide . In contrast , travelling individually allows you to discover places alone . For example , when I was in Egypt , I noticed that the local population was nicer when you were travelling alone than when you were part of a group . Second , group travels have the same schedule . They usually eat at the same time . In addition , they always have the same food . Besides , group members should stay together . That means that you can not really be independant . Whereas , travelling individually can let you more opportunitues to discover the local food , local monuments which are not described by a guide . Furthermore , you can choose to visit the monuments when there are less people . Therefore , I think that you are in a better position to appreciate the sight seeing . Third , I think that group travels are too noisy and are sometimes very disrespecful towards a culture . As a matter of fact , I notice that the group tends too be very annoying . On the contrary , the individual tourist will try to fit into the environment . He generally shows more respect toward the local population and shows more curiosity . Besides , travelling individually can offer the possibility to be in contact with the people of the country . In contrast , when you are in a group , you are less curious to go talking with the local population . Finally , I would say that travelling in a group led by a tour guide can be the worse way to discover a different country and another culture .
(TUR,high) It is an important decision , how to plan your syllabus . Some students prefer to take a lot of courses and expand their knowledge , whereas some other prefer to specialize in one specific subject . In this essay I will dwell on the advantages of specializing in one subject and argue in its favor . There are at least three reasons why choosing one subject is better than trying to keep balance between many subjects . The first and most important reason for me is that this way people concentrate on one thing and do not feel anxiety about time-management and deadlines . In contrast , student who take three or four subjects are very busy and stressed , because they have to prepare for many exams and see different lecturers , which is confusing and the results are not as good as those of the ones from the one subject plan . In addition , when one specializes in one subject then this person has more chances to be well-informed about it and do his best , being sure he recieves the best knowledge and invests in something substantial and prosperious . The second reason is that this kind of studying gives the opportunity to work and gain your own money . Usually students depend on their parents and have to explain why they need money , which is not very pleasant . For instance , I used to work when i did not have many lessons and I was happy that I was able to succeed in working and doing something important as an adult does , relying on my own experience . The third reason is that the students can pay more attention to their relatives , friends and even their hobbies . Moreover , life is not only studying and if we cannot enjoy it , we should rethink our point of view . For example , students , who do not have fun and only study , get sick and miss the both chances . The psychologies have proved that working hard is not the best for our health and we should take rest from time to time . In my opinion , it is better to specialize in one subject , because this choice makes us have more healthy life , which has is successful too .
(ITA,high) I sincerly can ' t say if I totally agree or disagree with this statement and I ' ll try to explain why . Ideas and concepts are the base for a theory or a sociological movement , but if you don ' t remember facts , date and names to expose in a discussion , how can you explain or make other people ' s ideas changing ? In this statement there ' s the same topic of difference between theory and experience . I am an Engeneer , so I studied a lot of theory and was very important for me to understand concepts before learning facts . But as I saw in my life everything must pass thru practice to really understand the value and the importance of lots of theories studied in the past . Just think about Newton ' s discovery of gravity . If I should explain people how do work all the forces interested in that phenomenon it would take much more time than making an experiment of an object ( maybe an apple ! ) falling down to the ground . Surely now that I ' ve practiced the theory I can better understand all the concepts behind the main idea . This scientific method I think it can be applied to every field of culture and maybe to lifestyles . I can bring another simple example of what I mean about the difficult to agree or disagree with that statement and the differences between learning facts and understanding concepts . In history there was a lot of important facts and if we don ' t try to study and understand the psychology behind some characters of an event , we can ' t surely have an our own opinion about it : so we see that are important the ideas . But if we don ' t care about the timeline in which the facts happened we risk to lose the most important informations of `` when '' , `` where '' they happened ! Just think about the Wars . Are important thearies , ideals , and strategies as well as the dates in which the wars started and ended .
(ARA,medium) The fact that most concepts and ideas lead to a fact make me agree with the previous statement . When I was a child , most of the facts were explained to me as : `` that is the way it is '' . That is why I saw the world very big at that time . Growing up through years to reach this level , knowing so many things make me wondering about that saying . Actually from my study in the university , I found that most the facts that were not explained by thier concept are strange thing . We usually start with ideas and conceots to reach such fact that no one can say it is wrong or there is an adoubt about it . For our brains , the facts that we can not explin is not worth to think about . This thing is invalid for ginous pepole . An example of what I wrote so far , if we consider the earth with its circular shape came from the believe that we can cross the world from east to west . But know one can explain why the people in the sothern region of the earth do not feel that they up side down . This example shows how ideas and concepts will yeild to facts and how facts sometimes can not be explained . Finally , when the studet concentrate on the ideas and concepts he will learn the ability how to match the facts togather . On the other hand , if the student focus on the learning the facts he will learn the ability to memorize the events which is not a character of this generation good learning . A match between them will be better although I consisit that knowing ideas are more useful than learning facts .
(ARA,medium) Cars Transportations are very important in people 's life . They provide easy ways for people to travel from one place to another . There are many automobiles and in my opinions , i guess cars are the most important automobile . Cars are very important in one 's life for many reasons . First , they are easy to use , everyone can use them . Second , they are not expensive , maybe some of them but if one wants to buy a car for a certain purpose , for example to go from one place to another , he/she can buy a small car according to his budget . Third , cars are designed , nowadays , in many shapes and for many occasions , so anyone can find a car that is suitable for a certain purpose . For example , if one wants to go to a place that is a little bit far from his home and he/she needs to spend the night driving , he/she can buy the car that is suitable for this occasion , like cars that are big and have a chair at the back that opens when he/she wants to have rest . So , the main point i want to explain is that cars are designed in many shapes and many sizes that are suitable for many different occassions . Well , inspite of their disadvantages , such as air pollution , traffic and accidents , i guess cars are more useful than other automobile , like busses or trains or even planes . Let me put this in another way , if one wants to go to work and he/she wants to take the bus , first he/she must wait for the bus to arrive , and when the bus arrives he/she must check if the bus is full or not and after taking the bus and arriving to work , he/she will pay for the ride which annoy most of the people . So , i think , instead of paying everytime he/she can buy a car ! So , I guess , cars are smaller , more useful , more helpful and cheaper than any other automobile The core of this is that I totally disagree with the statement `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' . I think in twenty years people will be fewer than cars .
(HIN,high) The topic is whether in twenty years we will have fewer cars in use than they are today . I disagree to the topic and believe that twenty years from now we will have more cars in use than are present today . In last two decades the sales of cars has continuously shown upwar trend , right from small segment to large segment cars sales has increased and it is predicted that the trend will continue and so will be the increase in use of cars for coming decades . Also urbanisation will play an important role in increased number of cars in use in next twenty years . Because of urbanisation people are able to spend more and their buying capacity has increased . Also it has led to development of big cities and towns where an individual has to travel a lot in any particular day . It will definitely lead to increase in number in use of cars as people will require a convenient mode for commutation . With globalisation and development being a part of today 's world an increase in urban areas is inevitable and so will be the increase in number of cars in use . I think that twenty years from now with the increase in population and distances the public mode of commutation wont be so effective and people will look for much convenient mode that is cars . Also with culture of `` i dont care '' , people will not prefer public mode of transport as that will be more insecure and prone to accidents and thefts . Instead they will choose their own vehicles probably cars to commute . With advancement in science and technology the efficiency of cars can be increased and in future we hope to have alternate and cheap fuel . This will definitely lead to increase in use of cars as operating expenses will come down for cars and people will try to have more cars for their convenience and as well as it will be a cheap mode of commutation . With extensive research we hope that we will have more environment friendly fuels and cars in market that will lead to increase in use of cars in next twenty years . Also with increase in number of luxury cars and cars suited to varied tastes of people , I expect that people will go for more purchase of cars and this will result in increased in use of cars . With technology available to renovate the cars and make old cars look new with small investments , I think use of cars is going to increase in next twenty years . In all cheap fuel , better facilities , easy loan availability and convenience in transport will lead to increase in use of cars in twenty years .
(ITA,high) First of all allow me to say that I totally agree with the idea that it is much more important for students to understand ideas than to learn facts . The importance of understanding underlying ideas instead of only learning mere facts can be summarized by saying that a student that has learnt by heart a lot of facts can be defined for sure as a student with a lot of notions but at the same extent can surely find him or herself in a lot of problems when trying to apply the facts they know in order to understand different situations . Let ' think of history as an example . If it is true that on one side it is certain that a student must learn a series of facts that have determined the historical events of a certain age , on the otherone it is equally certain that a student that does not understand all the drivers and all the underlying causes that driven those facts will never be able to really understand what has happened thus impeeding himself or herself to avoid same mistakes made by former generations and to replicate the succesful ideas applied to differnt contexts . Obviously this is just an example but basically all subjects can be used as examples in order to sustain the importance of understanding more than learing by heart . Take math as a last example . If a student learns by heart a math rule without understanding the general sense of it , he or her will only be able to apply the memorized rule if it presents itself in the exact same form of the rule studied by heart . Well this is simply impossible in maths since a particular rule has to be applied to a potentially infinite variety of possible occasions . As I was saying , since learing by heart something infinite is impossible , understanding is the only possible solution for a student . These are only two examples , but the same concept applies to basically all the subjects that student approach during their accademic years , thus understanding is fundamental whilst learing fact is a waist of time .
(SPA,medium) I believe that the degree of stress that a particular person is exposed , or has to be exposed , throughout his or her entire life is very important . Most of us are not aware how stress consumes our energy and finally , limits our ability to live in a more relaxed way . I am convinced that stress does n't contribute in the level of happiness for a person . I 'd say that the more stress a person experiences , the less happiness he or she will feel . Happiness is the state of mind that helps a person to enjoy life and it 's the emotion that makes us appreciate the things that life has to offer in a more positive manner . There are people who consider that young people just do not appreciate life with the importance it has . Young people just do not pay attention to small details and their way of life goes rather faster in comparison to somebody who has reached certain age . On the top of that , a young person is expected to make major choices that will change him or her for the future , such as finding the proper school and studies , starting a family and other stressful decisions . On the contrary , some people would claim that is is older people who are experiencing a better way to live theirs lifes . They do not have to be worried about what most of the people do during their whole life , such as education , professional goals , and so on . Instead , they live with greater experience and emotional maturity that allow them to be less aprehensive and stressful . However , I think that age alone plays no significant role in terms of enjoying life . I strongly believe that happiness is the result of a number of factors both in the environment and in the personality of a particular person . Medically speaking , depression can be associated both in young and older people as well as there are people that consider themselves happy regardless of their ages . Finally , I think that we all have the opportunity to enjoy life no matter how old , or young , we are .
(CHI,medium) People often can not come to the agreement even in the trivial issues that it is better or not to have broad knowledge of many subjects . It is a little bit haste to say having broad knowledge have more benefits , and vice versa . With the rapid development of academic subjects , the increasing number of subjects are difficult to understand deeply . However , people 's abilities is limited and no time to study in many subject . Face to the problems , you can not only use one specific subject to solve them . You have to teach yourself and learn from other people in many academic subjects . It also could broaden you horizon and accumulate all kinds of knowledge to deal with these problems . Another benifit is give you many chance to challege yourself and dig up your real interests . Furter-more , beacuse of the intension to broaden your knowledge of many academic subjects , you will ask others more and have more harmonious relationships . But the problem may be more and more difficult , thus one people could not deal with alone . That need someone have a deep understanding in one specific subjet . Without the abilities , the problem could face to but could not to solve it . Therefore , the saying that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject is mainly depand on the circumstances . According to my current situation , I prefer to study broad academic subjects . Thus i could monmunicate a lot to other people and broaden my horizon . When i found my real interest of subjects , i will pay much time on the specific subject , due to the interest is the best teacher , and then i will have the deep understanding of the specific subject . Thus i think it is suitable for me .
(HIN,low) I agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . there are many reasons for this point . first as in group we would be safe as example in a strange country between strange people it would be good if remain in group as there would be less chance of robbery . Other benefit is of tour guide . A tour guide will show us the every important place and by this way we would not miss any tourist place . Other benefit of tour guide is that he knows all the ways to reach that place so the chances of lossed in any place will be very less . In a group we can also share each others feelings and experiances , and that would be entertaining . The good aspect of travelling in group is that it could reduce our expences in some content . so over all in my opinion travelling in group with tour guide is best way .
(TUR,medium) Some People can belive that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . However i strongly belive that it will be the oposite of this opinion . I will give some examples to support my desicion in the following paragraphs . Firstly , if we want to do a prediction , we have to look and learn from the past . For example , at begining of this century there was a limited number of car . Even the car is used only in the war or in the millatry services . Begining of 1950 the car has entred our live and it become most valuable things that we have ever had . Indeed between this small period of time the number of car was ingreasing enourmously . Today , even more car has become and more and more take place in our live . The amount of car also are increasing more rapdily than before . I think it increase exponentialy rather than linear . Secondly , cars has an socials effects of our live . People belive and jugde people if they have lots of beautiful cars . People start to believe that the number of car is realated to the richeness . As a result riche people buy more car and they change their cars frequently . As a part it is very normal that the number of car is ingreasing rapidly in our community . At the end , the technology is growing rapidly . It has an tremondous effect of increasing number of cars . I think in the future we will see the car not only in the earth surface but also we will see in the sky also . In conclution , I strongly belive that in the near future there will be more car than we use today .
(HIN,high) Young people tend to enjoy more than the elder people do because they are more energetic than them and are physically stronger . They got a large list of activities of enjoyment than the list of elder people . Usually old people enjoy in home relaxing themselves or to the maximum extent of going out for a dinner . Youngsters have a lot to enjoy themselves in there life . Since they are physically strong they can indulge into many activities . I usually enjoy myself by indulging in physical activities like sports example cricket . I enjoy playing cricket with my friends and I like and enyoy the game immensely . The game involves lot of concentration and physical challenges with lots of ups and downs which generates great excitement between us during the game . Older people cannot experience the same feeling as we do . There are many other activities in which youngsters can enjoy themselves in contrast to the activities of adults . Another experience which I remember is my school trip to the mountains . It was a great experience for me and I enjoyed enormous number of activities some of which includes mountain trekking , rock climbing , river rafting and horse riding to be mentioned . Our teachers also came with us in the school trips . Observing them one could easily recognise the difference between yhe level of enjoyment between youngsters and adults . While adults could only enjoy themselves with the scenic beauty of the mountains and the cusine offered at the place or a long walk , we had a wide range of activities to indulge in as mentioned above . It was impossible for our teachers to involve in the similar activities as we did . Thus young people enjoy themselves greatly indulging in wide variety of activities and face the world with enthusiasm and excitement with their inexperienced mind without cosidering the thoughts of other people , which the elder people cannot experience . Hence , the above points support my opinion that young people enjoy life filled with excitement more than the older people .
(ARA,medium) The issue whether there will be fewer cars in the near future is a question many are wondering about . It is important to maintain the amount of vehicles on the streets just to keep the balance more accurate . It is possible that humen will discover some other new transportation method than riding a car , but highly doubtable . Not to mention that we are living in a generation that is addicted to oil products , which is called Oil addiction . As a result of the oil discovery we have seen too many products perfectly made to be sold , cars is an example of that addiction . This essay will prove that we are not only addicted to oil but also in a `` cars-addiction '' generation . Firstly , many argued that we are going to discover some new kind of vehicle that flies , and we will be having streets over skies , now let us be more realistic here . Some would rather going back to the generation before to using horses , donkeys , or even camels for transportation . Moreover , I can see the fact that cars are a high risk for the the Ozone layer , while this layer is protecting us from many radio active waves which might get us deadly diseases . However , I know that cars are helping parents drive their kids to school , go to work , and even do their own business trips . Indeed , Cars are number one transportation method for people . Secondly , let us take Kuwait city , Miami city , CA , or even NY states examples for people who are in love to show off what they have . Some might claim that they have nothing to do with these kind of people and they would never be like that . However , they might be your cousins or brother and sisters , but what I am trying to say that we can not neglect the idea that these people exist . Infact , they do a big affect on whether there going to be an increase or decrease in cars numbers driven on the streets . Finally , many asserted the idea of our generation getting oil addicted . Some individuals might be living in farms , or even deserts with peace . However , we can not be ignoring the fact that we need to be more modern in our life . The human brain keeps improving its self so we keep improving our group , country and , in a general way , the whole world . I believe there will be tons of new models for sale , which they already have how the structure of the vehicles will be . Thus , I highly think that millions of cars will be cruising on the streets within the next twenty years . According to humen addiction Guess what is going to happen if you do not have one ?
(GER,low) I do not agree to this point of view , that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . There are a lot of aspects , which speak against this . The best example is in my opinion a doctor . A doctor helps people , when they have physical problems . I do not think that a doctor tries new things and takes risks , because this can lead to very negative effects , if he does this . So he always has to do , what he has learnt and nevertheless he is very successful , although he always does he knows how to do well , but he helps other people . Another example is the racing sport . The car pilots cannot take risks , because also there this can lead to very negative effects and they would risk there own life , if they drive dangerously just to win a race and to be succesfull . There are a lot of other jobs , where you cannot take any risks because this would have great effects on your own or other peoples ' lifes . But zou can also be successful , if you take risks or trz new things , what the examples show .
(HIN,medium) I agree that in next twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Today fuel price hike and increasing pollution are major problems faced by the world . Fuel price hike is one of the major reason that one may discontinue using cars . Every one can not afford to pay so much for fuel . One may get a car with the help of various facilities provided by car companies like finance , loans etc but cost of maintainance and overall running cost can be a major problem for a person . Day by day every thing is becoming expensive and for one it might be unbearable . Also pollution levels in cities are increasing , because of that global temperature is increasing at constant pace . As a solution to this problem goverments of all the countries are now making public transport more stronger which gives one better facilites and cheap transportation . '' Local trains '' running on electricity following local network with in the city may help commuters to travel to their desired destination consuming less time . The use of public transport may take some time to be adopted by mass , but it will be successful because it saves time , money and enviroment if considered in broader sense . Also the traffic on city roads is increasing because of the craze among the people to buy cars . But soon they will realize and will go for the better option that can be using public transport or even cycles to travel near by destinations . Today the number of new cars rolling on roads are incrasing at very fast rate , thus increasing traffic and fuel prices because of increasing demand . With the passage of time one have to think seriously about his pocket and time . Hence , because of so many constrains one may not use car . As on one realizes various problems in driving car within the city one may switch on to a better alternative to save money and time .
(TUR,medium) The idea that , it is more important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than learning facts is not correct actually . The student should be objectively tought of the realistic events ond facts . Then try to develop some opinions of their own . This method should be applied to their whole life in order to eliminate some problems . First , the ideas and concepts inevitably change from one person to other . They of course need to understand what other people think about a given topic or specific event . However , in order not to admit one person 's opinion without any septicist point of view , student must be given some factual explanation earlier . Unless this is provided , they cannot have their own opinion . The words they use would be somebody other 's . Once this becomes a habit , they start to do this for their rest of life . Htis is something very bad because they will never gain the characteristics of an individual of the society . Second , not providing the students the facts , sometimes may couse some more serious problems . In many countries some student are becoming parts of the social tragedies . This is because they are not well educated in giving more importance to the reality . The reality is sometimes more diffirent than what it seems like . Student should always try to investigate for the facts in order not to be pushed into such kind of problems . For short , students should always try to get the facts in their educational and social life . This never means that ideas and concepts are not important . They have to arise their own ideas with the help of the facts and then try to criticise other 's opinion . They should later decide to accept them or not .
(TEL,low) I disagree with the following statement that is it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . Learning means u gain some experience that helps to provide new skill for you . students to understand ideas and concepts is not good idea because come to the subjects like physics and chemistry its not provide good understanding and concepts these subjects very difficulty to understand because this subjects very vague from ancient time . Thats why students perform good at this subjects must be learn facts like must to do labs in laboratorys . Then only students performs good at this subjects . we all know about this one `` EXPERIENCE IS LEARNS NEW SKILL '' that means when u got experience that helps to understand ideas and concepsts . Now a days technology brought up new changes in our life style and this impacts deeprooted in people use available resources in effective way . Come the point understand ideas and concepts is no use with out learn facts . Now a days , Students in essential element is computer its brought up considerable changes in they life . when u r going to write a one computer program on paper then its understand ideas and concepts is very difficulty . When same program performing in computer student can analyse easily and understand ideas and concepts rather than writing paper . when i was in childhood my parents had a car . Every day i am going to school in car . that car drove the my father . on day iam asked to my father i want to drive car but my father not accepted the driving car . Because i dont know abou how drive at that time my father give driving manual for car driving . I am understanding ideas and concepts on that book after i have taken chance to drive a car but i am not perform driving . Difficulty to drive read manual . Finally i am drove my car after a long time when i had learned experience about fact . when i was studied in secondary schoo math is difficult subject to me . I leann facts this subjec could easily understand now . Inspite of several demerits of this choosen topic but the positive aspects give good outweight of choosen selective mode . Due to this reason i believe that learn facts is m ore important for students .
(HIN,medium) Education is understanding as well as learning . In my opinioun it is important for students to learn facts and at the same time also understand ideas . It depends upon the situations and experiences . Understanding ideas and concepts is important so as to hnow how things could be . For example , a concept of driving or like traveling faster to a place gives us the idea of a car . It tells us to use a car for traveling . But for travelling a car we have to also need to consider the fuel to be used for it , the cost of driving etc . Hence the students need to relate their ideas with facts needed for it . Ideas are more imaginery while facts are practical . But if we dont imagine or think how can we make things happen ? But to make a practical thing happen we need to learn certain facts that are necessary to realise the ideas . For instance , a student thinks to make a garment . It is firstly important for him to have an idea of what kind of garment does s/he wants to make . S/he must decide the look of the garment like the colour , the lenght , size etc . But this is not over . To make the garment s/he has to know the fact that this will need a fabric to make it , a pair of scissors to cut it and then to sew the garment . Hence a final product can be made . Therefore the students do need to understand the ideas and concepts but at the same time also learn facts to realise thier ideas . Only understanding and conceptualising ideas is not enough for a real thing to be made . A practical knowledge is also required for a student to be successful in his life . Hence I think a student should give importance to both , understanding ideas and also learning the practicality of life .
(SPA,high) Historically , to have a broad knowledge of subjects was perceived as part of a culturally enriched society . If we take a peek at the ancient greeks we see that all their main philosophers ( Platon , Aristoteles or Socrates ) were considered to be experts in many fields . But time has changed and nowadays specialization has become more and more important . Having said this , I ca n't totally disagree with this tendency . I believe that in our modern society , if you want to stand out from the rest you need to specialize and become an expert on your area or field . A good example of this is what the labour market is currently demanding . If you do n't have a job because you are not specialized or expert enough , how can you wish to have a broader knowledge ? Different is if , in your spare time , you devote it to persue other academic knowledge , that 's fine . But I believe that the real reason why many people choose to a very specific academic knowledge and a certain career path is because this will assure them the suficient ` know how ' they will need in th future tu secure a job position . Educational authorities and responsibles should have a say in all this . From my perspective the educational laws should provide the opportunity to the students to choose a wider spectrum of subjects as longer as possible . To be honest , this will not be possible always , there will a time that the student will have to focus in which path he or she will like to continue in . But the later we prolongue this decision , the better . To summarize , if we lived in an ideal world we could all know about a lot of subjects but this is n't like this . The reality is avery different one and we have to apply to it . The society wants ` experts ' and we know it , so we play by the book .
(ITA,high) Personally I think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject . That is because if you know a little bit of many topics you can cope with very different situations and that could be very useful nowaday . Speaking about jobs , an example of what I said before is the role of the Project Manager : the Project Manager has to manage a project and meet the given deadline timely and with proficiency . In doing so he is expected to deal with a lot of contractors each of them with a specific cultural background that is likely to be different to his own one . Nevertheless his general culture and his general experience can lead him to command the situation and to coordinate successfully so many different people and expertises for the sake of the entire project . Someone could object that your broad knowledge makes you become a recipient in which information is not processed and is just not deep enough to be retained . Well , to those people I would say that , on the contrary , that the accumulating of information and the interaction with a lot of people with different knowledge will power my original knowledge making it more and more accurate than we could think at first . In fact the real knowledge is To conclude I would say that the best choice to succeed in the today world his to be flexible and in order to be flexible you need to have a 360 degree view that enables you to overcome situation which you wouldn ' t be able to overcome looking at the problem just from one point of view , no matter how much deep and specialistic that could be .
(KOR,medium) Even though the heads of companies said they are very reliable in making the advertisements , I totally agree that most of them are n't satisfying consumers ' expectation . I 'd like to give you a couple of reasons to support this opinion . In the first place , they including CEOs and ads makers are trying to make their products seem better than product 's reality because if they do that , they can make more money . For example , there is a car commercial which is shot in the paradise . If they do that , people , most of consumers , would expect that we 'll be there if we buy this car . As a result of this , by shoting the commercial in ideal place , the car company would make much of income . Second , I want to argue my opinion as using current situation . Many countries , especially developed which , the rate of asking refund or exchange is increasing in most famous companies . This situation is not only happened in famous companies but also small , develping companies . Why is it happening ? I think that because of unreality of advertisement make this situation . In addition , if the companies did that againg and again , they will be charged more money and make this worse . I 've read the article about this problem , in which the expert said since many company are pouring their much of money in commercial and ads , they ca n't afford to use their money to improve their products . So it will even cause the situation worse than now . From that kinds of account I asserted my opinion . Moreover , as I wrote it , I think the companies which waste their money in meaningless thing should their money in the good reasons such as improving the quality of their product and making new polic
(CHI,medium) When asked about what kind of knowledges is good for a person 's life . Many people may hold the issue to learn as much as specialized knowledeg in one specific subjuect and think that is a prime argument . But , some people , however , are taking a fresh look at it . As far as I am concered , I agree with that it is better to have broad knowlege of many acadeemic , although there may several merits to specialize in one sepecific subject , for example , more expertized and more deeply knowledge . Among countless reasons that influence my opinion , there are three conspipuous aspects mentioned follow . We may look into every possbile reason , however , the foremost one is that a broad knowledge is good for fitting to the developing of the world today . Nowadays , people could get as much as informations from many different methods . They should have the ability to be familiar to huge informations and treat them correctly . And if they want to reach that level mentioned above they must owe many different knowledge of a great deal of subjects . Also , it may be arbitrary to juge my preference only to use the argument mentioned in the above paragraph . There is another reason that deserves some words here . For individule perspectivity , a broad knowledge will give person more choices for career . They can choose many different areas to develop their own business . And they can use the broad knowledges to help them make more successes and that will be much easier for them to exert the broad knowledge in a whole . Last but not the least reason is that the broad knowlege will give person more opportunities to meet different people with different academic backgrouds . They will communicate with them more freely , and may make friends with them that will be good for their future lives and careers . Taking into account of all these reasons mentioned above , we may easily reach the conclusion that it is much better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects ,
(GER,high) Is a person only successful if he or she is willing to take risks ? The definition of success is of course a rather difficult one to begin with and must be considered as highly objective . Success can be related to the business world , the world of sports , the home or even to a very private level . I would like to keep my essay as open as possible and not focus on one specific area . If a person sticks to a ` business as usual ' policy all the time , I think that apart from not reaching higher goals , this person will also remain in a state of boredom . Continuity is a safe strategy in times of instability and must always be considered . However , it should not become the main strategy . If a person takes risks , he or she is exposed to several unpleasant possibilities . There is of course always a danger of failure involved in all new and unusual approaches . People who strive for higher things and thus take risks are often made fun of . Being creative and reaching for the stars has something frightening to other , less adventureous beings . Another negative effect can be lonelyness . People who have visions and try to live them are often abondoned by friends who cannot deal with the high reaching ambitions and maybe sometimes with the lack of scrouple that can be detected in the person who stives for success . Being a pioneer has advantages as well , of course . Reaching ones goals and being successful is rewarded with utter satisfaction and depending on what risk has been taken it can lead to world wide fame . Personally , I agree with the statement . I see the negative sides of taking risks but I am convinced that we were born to live our dreams even if they may seem ridiculous or even stupid to others around us . It is not always the easiest thing to aim for something extraordinary and it can lead to countless difficulties . It is good to have a mixture of both worlds : being willing to take risks and knowing when to apply well-known procedures but I hold it with the old saying : no risk - no fun !
(FRE,low) i think it s also good for people who have been successful the will like to tryng new things and know more to continue been successful people whant learn to get level it s is important to take chance in what ever businesses you doing in life that s make you becaume a strong person in self positif of yourself it s very important to try always new things spacialy whyn your are in the business for example iam the image of chanel i always whant to do more than i already know i call that people who are ambtious and i always positif in everything and whant to be more successful in every way
(ARA,medium) Cars are very useful to us in many ways . They transport us to our destinations quickly . They help to save our time instead of walking . Cars are widely used by millions of people around the world today . Their price is not very high and they live for a long time . After mentioning all the useful uses of cars above , I totally disagree with the statement that says that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . I know that technology is becoming more and more progressive everyday and another invention could be invented , but the use on cars will not decrease . In my opinion , cars are very essential to every person now in the world . A person can not go to any place that he needs without a car . Whoever does not own a car is obliged to ride in governmental or public cars such as buses and microbuses that transport individuals to certain places according to the destination of each bus . So at the end , the person rides a certain type of car and does not go to his destination walking as it will take a long time to reach his destination . In my second opinion , I think that in the next twenty years the uses of cars will increase as new and many features will be added to cars which give the opportunity for drivers to get greater benefit from cars . By that way , more cars will be used than today . For example , about 50-60 years ago , the cars that were used were very old-fashioned and were very large and some were moved by horses . Now , everything has changed and cars became much mor good-looking . They became smaller in size and are no longer moved by horses . That is what I mean by adding new features . In conclusion , I totally disagree with the topic sentence and propose that the use on cars will increase and not decrease .
(CHI,medium) Nowadays , young people could get much more information than before . Sometimes , they got too much information and too much things have to do or read , cause them have to spend their time staying at home or working . Young people have no time to help their communities because of their busy and irresponsibility . First , young people will force to study and learn other skills such as playing piano or guitar . They have to spend their time in classes over eight hours in a day . That means , they lost their leisure time to be together with their communities . They do n't have any chance to know what happened to their communities and also do n't know how to help them . Young people lacked of time to care about their communities because they even do n't have to time to prepare their works . Second , young people are not so responsible as the old people . For the traditonal custom , old people will consider communities as an important role for them . In spite of they are busy , they will spend their time in communities and try to help or slove any problems . However , young people were spoiled by their parents for a long time that made them locked of responsibility . Young people did n't take this duty as regarded . They do n't care about others except themselves . They are rather staying at home than going out even thought the communities are outside . Young people for nowadays have different thoughts . They are too self-esteemed and selfish which cause them not to care about their communities . They might have some times can help or do something for their communities . Howere , they hate to do these because they do n't want to get any troubles in case . They also do n't want to argue with their neighbors while they have their own opinions . As time changed , young people dislike to help their communities .
(TUR,low) There is an old saying that if you can not be the best be the best of what you are Which i thing true if you concern the acedemic conditions poeple living in Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects may have advantages as far as technical or culturel any other knowledge but it may leave you directionless and without a view of future planning What if you have 3 diplomas and no job Simple but interesting argument You might be the most intellectual person on the planet Will it serve any purpose I dont think so if you have spent all those years studying examining or academically active True there is an aspect of personal indulgence but that is a rare case in my opinion For example you may have the information ability and resource to build a space craft Will you be able to pilot it or is it sense building it or flying that motivates one It is hard to answer but i would say the way you best is the shortest way when you consider someone spending years learning all that knowledge without feeling not even a small desire to fly For someone who specialised in one specific subject for example a mechanical engineer It is easier to appreciate the things he or she might accomplish That person will surely know devotion to his or her job or field of experty all because of one thing That person will keep everthing on a personal level knowing that someone else is doing something else important at very same level of concentration at something like a research or a development There are exceptions of course like the modern geniuses like Einstein but do we all have that leve of iq Is it safe the concertrate on everything rather than one thing at the point you are giving your live a direction No one wants be left without out a vision because he or she have too many before they realise that they have to make a choice
(TUR,high) Technological advancements allow the modern man use faster and more modern cars . It is a fast way of transportation , but cars increase day by day which also increases the pollution and the park problem in modern cities . Finding an alternative to cars as transportation vehicles may decrease the problems of air pollution and parking place . The air pollution is a real problem especially in big cities . There are a lot of cars which is polluting the air with poisonous gases . Besides many other air polluting factors , the gases from these cars make the cities ' air unbreathable which is very dangerous especially for children . Another problem caused by the cars is the lack of enough parking places . Working people prefer going to their jobs with their own cars because it is faster . However ; this creates a parking problem . There are not enough parking places for so many cars . The heavy traffic is another problem of the modern man created by a lot of cars . Traveling by car is time consuming in the high tempo of the working life in which time is precious . Besides ; it is very stressful . The solution to all these problems caused by the increased number of the cars may be promoting the public transportation . By increasing the number of buses ; trains and subways and quality of the servicethe problem can be solved . The public transportation vehicles may go more places than they go now . And if the number is increased the service will be faster and better . Moreover it will be cheaper . THe governments can solve the problem working on decreasing the number of the cars and increasing the number of the public transportation vehicles .
(GER,high) I disagree with the statement that travelling in a group led by a tour guide is better than travelling individually without any form of guidence . My opinion is based on my past vacation experience and my personal preferences in regard to organize my vacation time . Travelling in a group has the advantage that the traveller is instantly surrounded either by people he or she knows or by other travellers with the same time schedule and intentions . This eliminates the pressure to meet people for the purpose of socializing during vacation . Furthermore , hiring or electing a tour guide waives the responsibility to plan and organize time schedules , sleeping arrangements and sight seeing trips to a third person . This reduces the stress and organizational effort prior to and during vacation . On the other hand , it limits the individual possibilities to plan the vacation time according to my own and my fellow traveller 's preferences . Group trips are rather advantageous for shorter trips . Whereas over the period of several days , individual personalities tend to create minor or major conflicts within the group . This is especially true for pretty heterogeneous groups , ranging in age , profession , personal background , etc . Whereas the excitement at the beginning of trips causes most people to subordinate their own preferences to the group 's interest , this is likely to change over the course of a vacation . Frustration , arguments , and annoyment are only some examples of negative personal conflicts that I saw occuring during group trips in the past . And these can severely ruin the enjoyment of a vacation . Based on my experience , tour guides have to the potential to limit the personal freedom to visit attractions that I wanted to see and group dynamics can have a negative impact on all members of the travel group . Therefore , I prefer to travel individually . The freedom to create a schedule according to my preferences and to choose who to interact and socialize with during my vacation offsets the extra organizational effort prior to the trip . By travelling individually , the success and enjoyment of my vacation is in my own hands .
(GER,medium) I do n't think , that there will be fewer cars in twenty years . Of cause it is unknown what will be in twenty years but everyone of us think about his future and not only when you think about buying a new car . I believe that there wo n't be fewer cars in future , because cars are an efficient way of transporting not only of people also to transport goods . That is the reason way so many cars were used today , because it is often the cheapest way of traveling or transportation . For example it is cheaper for families or even for single people to get from Erfurt to Munich than it would be by traveling by train . Also traveling by car is often much faster than going by train . Additionally to the costs , going by car or driving car is sometimes the onliest posibility for treveling . For example in areas in landscape there ` t drive many busses or train espacially in the night or on weekend , so so get away of these vilages you need a car or someone , who is driving you . That leads me to the next advantage of cars , it is that people with cars are mor independent than without . An other reason way there wo n't be fewer cars in the futher future is that there are n't any good substitutes for them , like mentioned above trains but also plans or ships are n't good alternatives because thez do n't can be everywhere or could stop everywhere , because all of these transport-vihecles need an habour . Thats way cars are good for transportation becouse of the well established infrasystem . Almost everywhere are roads so that everyone could achive his targets by car . Furthermore also motorbicycle are n't good substitutes for cars of cause they do n't need as much fuel as cars , but you ca n't tronsport as much things as with car and espacially by motorbicycle you are dependent of the wether conditions . So all together in my opinion cars are mostly the best option to transport good or persons . Of cuase fuel gets more expensive but new motor-constructions wo n't erase cars . Thats way cars wo n't be fewer in futr but they could have changed in twenty years . Aditionally I think that , I will of cause drive any car in twenty years and when other people think so too , that there will be even more cars in futur . So let us see what will happen to cars in future .
(GER,medium) For students is more important to understand ideas and concepts then to learn facts because those give a construct that helps them to survive in every situation while somebody who is only able to give back facts cannot cope with real situations like in everyday life . First of all , facts are created by individuals and their opinion influenced indirect their researched facts . In other words , every researcher is caught in his subjectivity and facts are only as objectiv as the next researcher who will find another argument against it . Learning facts is never learning the truth . Researchers goal is it always to disclaim an argument or a fact . A learned | right | fact can be tomorrow | false | . But what should a student do if all his facts he learned over his studies are not worth it anymore to discuss after a couple of years ? His studies would not make sense without a construct that helps him to adapt as fast as possible new facts and to go with the progress of science in a sense . More important to a student are his tools which he knows how to use , how to get information . In addition to it he needs an logical construct of theses and ideas , that established during the history of science , to produce in comparission to all the theories that are already there his own idea and his own theory about a specific subject . So concepts are like an construct of a house skeleton made out of iron . The build a house with very wide open glass fronts you need first the skeleton and then afterwards you add the single elements like glass doors , glass walls ... to make it a complete building . Concepts and understanding ideas are the skeleton of science and compared to the house facts are only singular elements that can be exchange if wanted . For example if a glass wall is broken or not contemporary anymore it can be changed like false facts . But facts rely on the skeleton as well as understanding ideas and concepts , and cannot exist without it , to create in this case a whole construct of science . While concepts and ideas function as skeleton and can exist without singular elements as a construct of science .
(HIN,medium) Learining is a very disputable word . Few persons generally misjudge it with introduction , understanding or craming etc . But it is very necessary that what we learned should be same as that of what we understand . It 's very common among the students to learn the facts rather than to understand the ideas behind it . They always looking for short term goals usually their examination . But it creates a great problem when they get a applied question in the examination . Few questions are based on uderstaning of concept . These types of question are usually not mention in the text books . If you donot uderstand the motto or theme of subject , it 's very difficult to apply it in the current field , other fields or after a short time span . One will foreget the things just after few days or months . But if we evaluvate the subject fully , its a life long achivement . We can use the same concept in different streams or at any time . For instance , if an agriculturist beleive in learning facts ; may be he will able to acheive a good grades , but practically he will not able to apply his knowledge in his field as agriculture is an applied science . The understanding leads to development of creativity and if an agriculturist is not creative , he will not able to investigate the new techniques . Similarly , if an engineering student learn the facts of the principle of working of a maching rather than to understand it , he can only handle that particular type of machine and never think about a new discovery . On the other hand if got basic idea , he can renovate the maching according to the requirement of time . Every field of study require application of your skills rather than to copy it , which can be only possible when the students will understand the ideas rather than learning the facts . Today 's time is for ideas holding persons which is entirely based on creativity ; ultimately understanding .
(CHI,medium) In my opinion , I disagree the statement that say the young people enjoy life more than older people . By contarst I think that both young people and older people enjoy their life for the following reasons . First , although not as much as older people can be seen on the street doing stuff outside , they have their own activties to do indoor . Such as reading novel , newspaper , watching TV , sewing . And other older people may go outdoor for several time to exercise their body in order to be healthy and live longer to enjoy more life . Moreover , the young people generally are still study in school or university . So they can enjoy their life by studying in class and some activtes held in campus . For example many students join club after school like tennis club , football team , piano club , drawing or whatever . Also there may be party to celebrate some festervial such as Christmas , Halloween . In my school , the parties were always full of students and teachers to enjoy . Furthermore , the young people sometime also enjoy life with older people . For instace , the grandfather go to the park with his grandson in weekend . Both of them can play happily with each other . Or even the whole family go out for a trip is a typically event that reveal young people enjoy life with older people . Although some of the older people have no ablity to enjoy the life , they have to stay in the hospital , some young people do this too . However , everyone should enjoy their own life whenever and wherever by every kind of methods to make their life better and meaningful . All in all , nowadays older people and young people enjoy their life in the ways they like . Even though we cannot see both side in one time , we shall observe their life carefully so that we can find both of them are all enjoy the life .
(SPA,medium) I agree that advertisements today really try to drag you in their product with fake pictures . Advertisements today have been a big influence to many people including teens adults and also children . The way advertisements work are simple . Advertisements can be looked at like lies just that people do n't know it . Most of advertisements today have been to promote a certain product or company . This type of business has helped many people be succesful in their particular goal of reaching what they wanted through advertisements . Advertisements have been used over many years to pull the audience into the product . This is the key to all advertisements . For example if it 's a advertisement on food the picture they show on the food is made just to attract the audience not to really show how the food is but to attract them . The certain plate could be just a banana but the picture could be edited so it looks very good for the customer to buy it . Many companies have a section in their company focusing in advertising . They have these sections so that they know what the audience weakness can be and how they can attract that audience into buying their product . Another example of an advertisement can be some deoderant advertisement . Axe has a comercial where the man who uses this product sprays this product on his body . After he used this product the women would be very attracted to him . This comercial promoted that it could either smell good or attract many women . In conclusion I agree that advertisements make the product seem much better than they really are . All this is done just to make money . So next time watch out to what products are being advertised and know that it can be a lie .
(SPA,medium) Most advertisementes make products seem much better than they really are , this has been a major point of debate not only for consumers but also for the adevertisement industry , I personally agree with this statement since I have experienced the seduction of a good advertisement , in this particular matter there are some interesting points to concider such as psychology and bussiness . The psycologycal approch give many interesting issues regarding the human responce to different factors such as sounds , colours and smells , in addition to this , the human responces to factors or `` thuths '' are also conditioned by the envirionment sorrounding . This approch is one of multiple explanations for understanding some advertisements work . The advertisement industry did not knew about the psychology involved in the process right the way , it had to wait for proffesionals to explain the fenomena . After the proffesionals were involved providing accurate information and tips to develop good work and also to bring the attention of the audience , the commpanies started to spend lots of money to `` sell '' their products . Eventhought , there is a lot of science involed , it is also true that the human braind is realy fragil and sentitive to stimulation , but it also acts in way that only psychologist could explain , for example some advertisements goes lke this : `` you got to have because is the best '' and the person goes out ant buy it or if a friend bought a new car ( that consumes mor gas than yours ) the first reaction for many people would be of happiness followed by a feeling of envi and the need of buying one . Advertisements can be very tricky to the human mind and wallet and maybe we are just nai
(JPN,medium) I do not agree with this statement . This is because that helping their communities includes to spend their time to see their friends , I think . Young people join a lot of events of their universities . We can not say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . Actually , a lot of students spend their time to work rather than help their communities , but they have enough time to join their communities . Young people can manage their schedule , so when they want to join them , they can go . There are a lot of clubs and circles they can join their communities . And also universities give students a lot of oppotunities to participate in communities . During high school and junior high school , students have a little time to help their comunities really , but it is not students ' fault . That is because the government deside to the system of schools . If they had enough time , they would give time to helping their communities . After university , we are able to have a lot of time to cope with our communities . In Japan , we should help our communities . We have a lot of kinds of helping , for example , to help some shops of their home towns , clean up roads , rivers , and stations . Throught those kinds of experience , Japanese young people are able to learn how they join their communities . And after that , they help their communities by themselves . Finally , I think that all young people give enough time to helping their communities on their own way . From someones ' point of view , it does not seem to be like that . But , we have enough oppotunities to help our communities , we can not avoid them . And we think that we have to that . So , I believe that young people nowadays give enough time to helping their communities .
(TUR,low) CARS Nowadays there are lots of cars in the world places . Most people have a car . Cars very important transportion vehicles . Nowadays industuries very development so vehicles very rice . Today people more use cars than in twenty years ago . Because today most people have choisen ivendualty . In the past in the twenty years ago there will be fewer cars in use than there are today there are severel reason such as people have n't got enough money , in past people used to public transporion , industuries not development like today , old cars not safe like today cars , and countries have n't got good road . Firstly , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use because people have n't got enough money . They spend money only basic foods . For example , one people bought only kitchen need . in the past alived people have fewer money than today . Secondly , reason in twenty years there will be fewer cars inuse tahn there are today they used to public transportion so in the past there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . They used to public vehicles such as bus , and tramvay . they used to public vehicles because they cheaper than cars . Another reason there will be fewer cars in use than today there are today
(JPN,medium) `` Do advertisements make product semm much better than the really are ? '' I agree that most advertisements do so . Sicen this topic is acontroversial issue , I suppose that different people have different ideas on it . Some people may think it is not true because almost all advitisement are through TV programs or pictures . They tell us the real figure of a project . So the people wonder how the picture of a product become better of their looking than it really is . However , those who think so downplay or overlook the following three important points . First , generally speaking , the role of advertisements is to make the good impression of the product for cunstermer . Without thes effect , advertisements are not ` advertisement ' in the real meaning . Apart form the wrong advertisement , almost all ones make product seem much better than they really are . Second , I have the experience of buying a product by being derived by the advirtisement . I bought a PC , but it was not the one I wanted . This shows that the looks of the product that I saw at the TV program was different from the real one . This is the way to sell a product , and it is the real role of advertisement . Third , as I mentioned , some people may believe that TV programs and pictures image the real aspect of a product . However it is false . In the process of making advertisement , makers use several kinds of scientific methods in order to make custermers believe that the product is realy good . That is , they change apearrence of the product , and give us the good impression on it . By using the effet , like visional effect , the maker make the unreal image of the product . The aforementioed three reasons are persuasive . Therefore , I agree that most advertisements make product semm much better than the really are
(SPA,high) Tour guides are profesional people who help foreigners to understand and know everything about a country , this implies the country 's history and it 's landscape . Sometimes , there are debates dealing with the best way to travel , wheter if it 's traveling in a group led by a tour guide or not . We we will explain the benefits of traveling in a group led by one , the inconvenients of traveling without one , and we will conclude giving an agreement or disagreement of this traveling way . First of all , traveling with tour guides represents the opportunity , not only to visit a county , but to get information about the country 's history and whats more , the country 's popular places to visit . Indeed , a tour guide can give aditional information to visitors if they don not have even visited that country . In fact , tour guides can be really helpful for bewildered people , guides can help them take a decision . On the other hand , tour guides can limit someone 's liberty , people traveling in a group led by a tour guide are asked to remain with the group . Thus people can not go wherever they want at any time they want . Besides , it is interesting sometimes to discover a country by getting lost or by talking to people , living among them for a while , more than getting an image proposed by a tour guide . In fact , tour guides might be influenced by their own likings or dislikings so visitors will be actually suggested , and have influenced decisions . To conclude , I disagree traveling in a group led by a tour guide to an extent . I think that if it is the first time a tourist visit a foreign country , it is better to travel in a group led by a tour guide in order to get some information about the country so they could travel there again knowing something about the country , but this time without a tour guide , so tourists could leave some events to chance , discover the country , and live with people who live there . Besides , traveling without a tour guide , can help making new friends because travelers will be no longer imposed to do something .
(SPA,high) In older times , there were complete civilizations that will see older age as the crown of life , the time when the spirit is free from the earthly passions and the brain is finally let alone to think , as opposed as younger ages when uncertanty and emotions dictates people 's behaivor . In old Greece only old men would have an opinion in politics and laws . In China and in some muslim countries only the elder can solve day to day problems and their opinion would be respected even when opposed to common sense . Something happened to our culture that inverted the place of old people in our society , placing the young and brave on top while older people is seen as dumb and slow , to the point to pretend that they do n't enjoy life . There are a lot of activities that can be enjoy only when people is young , like snowbording and playing most sports . Other things require a very young age ( at least to start ) like ballet dance and gimnastics , but the fact that older can not enjoy this activities does n't mean that they can not enjoy other activities , like traveling , reading , talking to friends , playing chess ( and I can tell my grandmother is a great chess player ) or visiting the family . There are still few sports that they can play regardless of their age like golf . Therefore I disgree that young people enjoy life more than older people do because I think that there are many ways to enjoy life and it may not require the adrenaline rush obtained by extreme sports nor the ability to dance in the disco all night . Life enjoyment can come from simple tings like smelling flowers , folding papers , painting , chatting and visiting old friends and far away countries . I hope that when I grow old , I will still have the hability to love my wife and enjoy life with the many activities that i will be able to do , but I also understand that for other activities I have a limited amount of time and I hope to enjoy them as long as I can , because the day will come when I will need to stop if I dont want to get injured , and I will need to find new ways to enjoy life
(GER,medium) An argument can be made for both of the opinions , to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects as well as to be specialized on one single subject . Having a broad knowledge offers you the possibility to talk and debate with a lot of different persons about several topics . This is a nice way to communicate with people and , doing it , even to gain additional knowledge . Furthermore this shows that you have a good general knowledge , which is valued highly in our well-informed society . Finally , if you have an overview and the knowledge about several academic topics , it is easier for you to decide what interests you the most and , consequently , choose this subject as your specific subject . However , a case may be made for the opposing view , because if you were perfect informed about a single subject , you are able to concentrate on it and gain more knowledge in this main subject . As a result you will have the possibility to become a master in this specific subject . Additionally it would be much easier for you to learn the subject you specifiy in , because choosing it as your main subject you have to have a special interest in it and if a person is intersted in something it is much easier to gain new information on the topic . Another advantage is that you might have better opportunities to find the right job for you . Since it is easier to look for a job in the newspaper , which suits your specific abilities , you might have a better opportunity to find the perfect job for you and to impress your later supervisor by presenting the exact capabilities he was searching for . You simply know on which strength you can relie . In conclusion , I believe that both is very important . In my view , you should have a broad knowledge of a lot of academic subjects but in the end and referring to job opportunities it depends on what you are able to do very good in a specific direction .
(ARA,medium) I do agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Young people have a lot of energy inside of them , that motivates them to go further into new fields and explore new ideas . And that physical power that help them to resist hard times . These explorations and resistance make them atchieve their goalstherefore enjoy life . While old people have n't got this energy and physical power to motivate them and lead them to theiir dreams . Young people have this gift , inside of them , energy and physical power . This energy and physical power can motivate them and lead them to accomplish their own dreams , and by accomplishing their dreams , the term enjoying life is fullfield . For example , if a young man has the dream to become a doctor , inorder to cure sick people . Therefore to become a doctor that requires alot of work and study . Alot of people might say that he does n't enjoy life , but the true fact is that , he is enjoying life by doing the only thing he thinks will proff his existance and will improve from people 's lives . On the other hand , if an old person had the same dream of becoming a doctor , will be very hard for him to accomplish it , because he does n't have that gift any more , the energy . Without having the energy , he will struggle to accomplish his dream . I 'm not saying that he wo n't accomplish his dream , no what I mean is that he wo n't enjoy his life in order to accomplish his dream . He will fight against his poor resisting body in order to reach his dream . At last he did it , he accomplished what he was aiming to . But if we put the young and the old of this example in comparison , the two accomplished their dreams , but the young is the one who enjoyed life . He enjoyed the pleasure of using the energy inside of him in order to motivat him , so he may reach his goal To conclude , young people have a gift , they may use it or not , that depends to their inspiration to fullfil their dreams . This gift of energy and physical power gives them the opportunity to fullfil their dreams , on the other hand , old people lack these traits .
(CHI,medium) Nowadays , there are many people belive that only doing what they already know how to do well is true . Nevertheless , I absolutely disagree this point at all . I think that a successful people show try things and take risks to beome successful . There are many successful person also take many high risks before he/she beome successful and well-known . Bill Gate is a typical example in this situtation . When Bill Gate was still a student in University , he realized that he would be a great man and hired by a big company with great amount and stable salary after he gratuated . Although he realized that situtation , but he still decided to take a risk to abandon his study and started to invented some softwares . Moreover , he asked asked on of his friend to abandon study and go with him to create a business . Nevertheless , he rejected eventually . A few years later , Bill Gate became the richest man in the world with several millions of dollars . On the othr hand , although his friend was graduated from the University of oxford , he was only a manager of a small company . An other example is my father , he ws not skillful in studying when he was young : therefore , he started to created his own business instead if studying or working for a company for many years . Now he becomes a very successful person and my idol . In conclusion , I think people should try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . It is because if we are not skillfull in studying or working for others , why do we have to waste our precious time to do the thingd without any result . Moreover , I think people should try new things when they are young , because it is useful to regret when they become old .
(HIN,medium) The life of an individual passes through different phases and all explore these different phases of life in there own way . These phases includes the young phase when an individual is in young life and an old phase when an individual grows old . some people enjoy ther life the most in young age while other in there old age . As contended in the above written statement that yong people enjoy there life more than older people do I completely agree with the statement that when a individual is young one has a clear ambition in life to achive the goal which one has set for himself . Young age is the right age to explore new potentials to learn new things . the desire within the individual to learn more is the realization that one is enjoing these stages of life . some movments of life which can only be enjoyed by an individual when one is young , when one is in his college years like skipping the classes , going on a first date , participating in different sports or academic events . One also enjoys goin for a late night movie with friends , lesser responsibilities . lesser tensions in life . the young age the person has strong urge to explore the world that state is equal as compaerd as if sombody is the king of the world , a person is not bounded my the number of questions occuring witthin him whether to do or not any thing in this world ... Secondly when a person is young one is more physically fit . One can take care of himself without depending on any body and one cherishes the different flavours of life which leaves an indeliable remarks on ones identiy . As the person has lesser of the liabilities , one also have less burden and thats the situation where the person when is young enjoys the life to the fullest .
(HIN,high) Enjoyment is the basic ingredient of Life . Enjoyment basically needs time , mood and the passion for it . Enjoyment should not be trapped within the boundaries of age . An old person can also enjoy just like a young person does and sometime can do even more than youngsters so , I do not agree with the statement . Older people have more time to enjoy the life peacefully and comfortablly . Most of them are retired and are over with their responsibilities . They can always utilize this time in doing the thing they like and enjoy most . Fo instance i have a friend whose grand parent remain free all the time and mostly they stay out of the house . They have joined so many clubs and societies . They visit some new tourist place every year for the sake of outing . They are living life much better than there son who is always busy with the loads of work . Old person does not have any responsibility on him so by that he can always enjoy his work , his trips better , regardless of what is happening back at home . They can concentrate only on present without thinking about risks of future because of the major responsibilities like kids , business has been covered or being tranfered to the kids . The enjoyment does not always means freaking out with the friends , dancing , clubing etc . Every person has its own way to enjoy the life . Some person do not do any evident thing but still they enjoy their life For example my aunty enjoys sitting home , listening and reading mythological topics . She enjoys viewing her grand childrens activities a lot and these kind of things can only be tasted at the older age . On the contrary older people are mostly the victims of some major health problems . They fail to enjoy the time because of their disabilities . They are not aware of the modern ways to enjoy and hence limit themselves to the limited sphere of influence . They also have limited amount of money to finance their trips mandatory for the enjoyment . Finally i would epitomize it by saying that enjoyment does not sees the age , it just goes after your passion for it . However old you may be , however scarce you can be , you can always learn the ways to enjoy your life according to the circumstances
(SPA,medium) I clearly disagree with the statement . Fistr of all because the car is an essential method of transportation . People use the car for everything ; for working , going shoppping , travelling , etc . It is true that the cities are getting saturated of cars and the public transport is the best way for moving inside the cities , but people are also moving out to suburban areas where the public transport does n't reach . These families have to use the car for picking the kids at college , going to the mall , or even to buy the bread . We are turning into a a society that does n't walk , we use the car for everything . This is mainly because we do n't live in the city where we have all types of services and supplies just down the corner . Secondly , the car manufacturers are making cheaper cars every time that can meet the economical possibilities of people who colud n't afford a car years ago . These cars are also cheaper to mantain and more reliable . I just bought a car last year and the first mantainance check is after twenty tousand miles , when my previous car had to be checked every seven thousand miles . The only challenging point of view is the duration of the `` petrol era ' . The humanity is using up all the petrol ; planes , cars , boats , industries ... they all need petrol to function and the resources are limited . There will come a day when there will be no more left and the engines will not run any more . But the car industry has done researches for new sources of energy that are clean and , best of all , unlimited . This will promote the use of the car , nowadays a little bit pinpointed due to the contaminating effect they produce .
(ITA,high) I totally agree with the belief that to have a broad knowledge in many different academic subjects is more valuable than to narrow down in a single subject that you could totally master . There are undoubtedly many advantages to be very focused on a specific subject ; for example many scientific discoveries would not have been found unless there were some people that studied a lot a precise and narrow domain , such as sub-nuclear physics or organic chemistry . Nevertheless I think that nowadays a broader culture and education are much more valuable , in order to be a successful in both your career and personal life . A broadly educated person could also contribute much more to the wellness and prosperity of society . An example that comes to my mind is the current debate about bioethics : for the society as a whole it is much more important that we have wellrounded people capable of understanding and debating about the social consequences of human clonation , rather than some scientists that develope the technical method to make it possible . In general I see that the world is becoming really complex and all the jobs require a set of different skills that you can have only with a broad education . That 's also why universities all over the world have already begun to offer joint-programs or even truly multi-discliplinary degrees . One example could be bio-engineering , which is the combination of a medical degree and an engineering degree . Another example could be the introduction in some MBA program of ethics classes : they not only want to educate people to become successful leaders but also want to teach them the consequences of their act in the society , and how to act correctly and by the rules . I think that this focus toward broadness and roundness is part of mankind progress . Two centuries ago to be succesfull and happy you only had to learn your job and stick to it for your whole life . Nowadays every four years you change job , you maybe move in another country , and you face always new experiences and challenges . In such an enviroment and dinamic situation you are surely better off with a broad knowledge than a deep a specific one on a single domain .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the point that `` better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than going for a specialization in one specific subject '' . I support this point because we can learn many applications by having many subjects in academic . The main reason is by learning more subjects we can interpret them and can apply the knowledge one through another . For example if we have to work on a project like developing a machine . we have to about the strength it will withstand , to know this we have to work for stresses that apply on the parts of the machine . But it is difficult to find manually , because first designing the machine the load that with stand on the machine , etc . Now days that we have simulation softwares that can work by producing a model in that . For this we need a computer knowledge and how to work on the software . And then how to design the model , loads , etc . For all these we need different subjects like , for working with computer we have to computer knowledge , for working to design we need to know the drawing , for finding the loads we have to the mechanis of material , then to solve we need mathematics , and then for assembling we have to learn how to assemble the part . By seeming all these for one thing we have to work on for different subjects . We need to apply all the skills in on project . After learning basics in all subjects then we can go for a specialized one because we work for a perticular model . So i prefer to have knowledge of many academic subjects in order to have a specislized subject , because if we know all the subjects we need not go for some other specialists we can apply all those .
(KOR,medium) The question asks about tecqnology . In my opinion academic subjectsis better to have borad knowledhge than specialize in one specific subject . There are severl reasons shows at the bottom , why i disagree . First , the world is developing really fast . A centry ago people thinks specific subject is more important than acadamic subjects . Also number of people still thinks specific subjuct is more important than academic subject . I would say that is wrong . If you have job like writer , musical job , artist or Singer that migt better to have broad knowledge of may specific subject . But the world is developing really fast people need to follow the tecqnology . There are how to learn many academic subject . School in one of good case . Most of high school in korean which I was from , learn more mathemathic , physics , chemistry , Biology or computer . I believe the school is better to learn knowledge than others . Second , I will give a different example about Korea Korea has good IT tecqnology . So most of people working in computer part or science part . There are severl example about academic knowledge . The company needs employees also the employee have to have enough knoledge . In case I have a computer company . I need a 5 people need to work in my factory which makes CPU . Most of people knows what is CPU some are not . People call CUP is the brain in computer which means it is the most important part in computer . So I need to make the most important part , need to find people learned about ' how to make CPU ' . Before learn that subject they need a lot of information about compter , that have to learn in high school but it might be a basic thing . Go to far , Unibersity or colloage . Good Unibersity or colloage need high grade . Most of course in high schools are academic subjects . World is developing people need to follow that other ways we can not developing more and more . What I am saying now is the learning . In the learning I am saying ` Academic Subjects'
(ITA,medium) Today we are covered by a lot of pubblicity . Infact you can find it on TV , on radio and on web . When you watch TV there are a lot of spots and moreover during the spot automatically increase the volume of TV , so they can obtain your attention . On the web there are a lot of `` pop up '' . They are some advertisements of some product , and with these windows they have your attention . The advertisements rappresent sometimes the most important activity of many factories . Today the goal is to try to sell a lot of types of products and it 's not important if ithey are really good or bad products , but it 's important that the factories sell them . So troghouth advertisements business peoples try to sell to the consumers our products . Advertisements might to convince the people that this product is better then anyone and that it has a lot of qualities or optionals then anyother products have . Moreover in advertisements are underline only the main and the best charateristics of the product to give a good impression to consumers . But often , when some customers decide to buy a product without some other informations , they remain unhappy because the item does n't have the charatteristic that the advertisements show . For example I have saw an advetisement of a car accessory on web and I decided to buy it . I have asked some information about the item and they selt me some pictures of the item . Obiviously in these pictures are presented only the best part of the item . When I recived the item I was n't very happy of my choose because it was n't like I wanted and I saw . Finaly I say that I 'm agree with the statment
(ITA,high) I do n't think it can be considered as a `` natural rule '' the fact that older people enjoy life less than young people do . At the same time I must say that it is what generally happens , and for several reasons . First of all , we live in a society ( I 'm specifically talking about the italian society ) in which the age a person decides to leave his family , for many reasons such as lack of job opportunity , lack of `` bravery '' and so on , is close to 30 . This means that , until that age , young people do n't face a lot of responsabilities they 'll be obliged to face in the future . Less responsabilities for young people means at the same time : a ) more available time for them , who generally use it to enjoy life ; b ) less available time , and more and more thoughts in consequence to their responsabilities , for the parents . This is the general scheme of a normal italian family 's dynamic . Fortunately it-s not always like that . My personal experience support me stating hat . In fact I left my house when I was 18 and I came to live and study here in Milan , where I found a job and have my life without any dependence from anyone . That allowed also my parents to spend the time they `` earned '' in some other activities , like having hobbies , or developing their personal interests . Enjoying their time . Enjoying their life . Even if this is the most important reasons that brings me to affirm that young people generally enjoy their life more than older ones , there 's a second that is just a physiological reason . It is not difficult to understand that when we are young , we feel like we can climb mountains , travelling around the world without stops . We are full of energies , our bodies are ready to face almost every kind of situation . It is not the same thing for older people , who necessarely have to maintain a sort of proportion between their efforts and the forces they dispose of . A lot of things become forbidden just for physical reasons . But on the other hand , as I said before , older people can enjoy their life in a different way , proportioned to their possibilities , like travelling , or developing interests
(JPN,low) The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . In my opinion , that 's not true . Traveling by a group which is led by a tour guide will might be a good trip . You do n't have to reserve a hotel or restraunt , and you do n't have to plan almost everything . But , I think thatthere is a mistake on here . Choosing hotel , restsaunt , country , where you going to go ... everything is fun and called `` trip '' . Also we have to remember is , guide company could maybe make mistakes . So your tour could be destroyed by guide company . These are the reasons why I disagree with this question .
(ARA,medium) Advertisement is the motor for each company , it is like a front screen for its product . But sometimes companies may lie and give wrong information about the producuct . When you turn on a television , the first thing you see is advertisement . Befor every events , the thing that influence you is advertisement . But do we know what is it ? how true is this information ? Each company try to have the best product , get more money , but they do not want to spend dollars to reach that goal . When a product is not well know or customers do not like it , the company change that by advertisement specially an attractive one that can influence customers and push them to buy it . Nowadays , most of people do not trust them . Because you can see an advertisement for a product saying that it can help you to sleep , but when you try it it does not change nothing . Just lies . So more people lost their confidence on publicity , and prefer to stay with one product that they are sure is efficient and will never change it . i had my own experience with it . Few months ago , i saw an advertisement for a new kind of food , saying is so delicious , new combination , and a lot of others good things . I was so influenced , that pushed me to try it . But unfortuntly , i was disapointed . it tastes horrible . When a company make advertisement , they always show the good side and never what is wrond with the product . This method was helpfull few years ago when people thougth that everything they saw was true . But not any more , people try to be sure what they are buying , and ask about it befor getting it . Sometimes , people get influenced by what they are watching . Companies make new ideas such as always get a funny advertisement about care , have sexy girls in man 's product , and children for candies and food . They also focus on special generation commontly kids because of theire innocence . However , companies make to influence people , the truth is the best way to do it . As long there are liers , there is correct person .
(ARA,medium) Many people belive than younger generation are different from the older one and they dos n't posses the same morals and manners as the elders have . Or they may be less responsible or less cooperative with other members of society . I do n't know from where this idea came from . I belive that every generatin has a bright side and a dark one . It is not fair to generalize an idea wether is bad or good over large number group of population , becuase simply we not the same . I believe that people are differnet and vary from person to another regardless the age or the time or the place they belong to . Each generation has its own life conditions and atmosphere that could have a great impact on people behavior , like weather , finacial status , education , civelization , cultural development , believes and society customs . What works with one generation doe n't mean that it works with another . I do n't see any valuable mean of that statment . There are still mush of goodness in people , people stil tell this time helping each other , providing services to commmunity without asking for rewards . There are many feeding poor hunger people on the other side of the world . The are some still have th working volenteerly with human organization to save others and to give hand who really need help . Me my self with other school collegues participate in a volenteer job in Red Crecent organization in Palestine . We were working as a medical Laboratory technologists in a very poor pemetive laboratory at the hospiatal . We had worked as a team to help poor and severly injured patients in any pssible way we got to help them . We were collecting samples from them try to diagnose their health problem to make them feel soon healthier .
(KOR,medium) People have a lot of time and energy to do things when they are young . Whatever they do , young people have much more chances to do better than older people . Young people have a lot more possibilities to do enjoyable things . First of all , there are good chances to success doing things when people are young . People who succeeded in their lives usually had busy and tiring but enjoyable life ; they were motivated and ready enough to do what they were supposed and wanted to do . Most people who failed in their lives usually regret that they did not use their time efficiently to have enough time to enjoy . Therefore , It is proved from the general lives of people that young people have chances to enjoy their lives . Also , every people know that they can do a lot of things when they are young . One day , when my father and I were talking , my father said that he thinks I am lucky because I can do a lot of things which my father can not do now . Most of old people have busy life , so they usually do not have enough time to enjoy their lives doing what they want to do like music and sports . Ultimately , it is clearly proved that young people can enjoy their lives more than older people do . Young people have to use their chances to enjoy their lives efficiently not to regret when they get old .
(SPA,high) Broad knowledge is more effective because it enhances diversity . As for today 's world , development and technology requires human beings to have extensive knowledge and display multifacetic characteristics . We do not live anymore in a world where we were forced to specialize in one thing to survive . Today , it works differently . People are now exposed to more information and learning , thus stretching there overall knowledge . The vast range of information , together with people 's desire to succeed , make them better prepared for the unknown future . The 21st century brought with it the availability of information , thus promoting faster learing . With this phenomenon , people are exposed to vast amounts of information that allow them to develop and grow . For example , some who is more aware of world events is more praised than someone who only knows about the war going on in Iraq . By having the mechanisms to obtain information , people want more and more , thus creating competition . If you are competing for a job place as an accountant suppose , and your rival knowns computer managing in addition to accounting , while you just know accounting , your rival results more efficient for the company . The disire to succeed in this world creates a lot of competition amongst the people . With the wide range of information and technologies , the world expects people for more , thus we are forced to learn more things . Diversity then comes in play in this situation . Today , success is about being efficient and useful . Hence , people who know how to do more things and better understand more things , is rather wanted . In conclusion , in relation to the present world , knowledge in better appriciated for its quantity rather than quality . Obviously , everything has its limits , for some has to understand at least the basics of many things .
(ITA,medium) I think that tihs is a very important consideration but I don ' t agree because in my opinion practise and concepts are important at the same level . For example during the prepararion for an exam the student has to understand base concepts but he has to know the way to applicate this ideas in practise . It is necessary a global culture but he has to have the way to work in practise for show thier capacities . For most student this is a great problem after the finish of the school because they go work and do n't know how to solve the problems in the reality . In my opinion it is necessary to change the actual way of teaching , especialy in the scientific courses , because the teacher has to show practical things and not only explain the ideas . To made this a school can organise external collaboration with industries and involves students to collaborate in stage and other activity . I think that this way of teaching must be used not only in university but also in the previous institute so that a student can be ready for the working world . Because of the high number of student it is necessary to spend a lot of money to build practise laboratories and to improve this new way of teaching . A last consideration is that the students must show more interest in some fields in order to understand their own charateristics and they try to be more collaborative in the activity of the school .
(FRE,high) It is often being said that older people do n't take advantage of life as much as we , youngsters , do . Well , you cannot deny that , when you reach a certain age , you can no longer do things you used to do when you were in your sweet sixteens . As a matter of fact , I am quite sure every single person has , at least once in his or her life , already heard an old person say bitterly : `` Oh , what I would n't do if I were your age ! '' Is that to mean that life is n't worth living when growing old ? I shall refute this statement , by showing that older people enjoy life in a different manner , compared to youngsters . Firstly , I have to say that , when you are growing older and when your health is getting worse , it is very understandable that you are no longer attracted by doing the `` crazy things '' young people are nowadays so keen on , you were maybe used to do when you were young . Enjoying life is not only about going to discotheques every night , experimenting new things such as taking drogues and so on and so forth . It is true that enjoying life does n't only rely on extreme activities , and one should n't understimate the fact that old people may be not able to do the simplest things , such as going for a ride on a bike , and they may be suffering from this . Yet , I think that older people do n't enjoy their life the same way the youngsters do , they just enjoy it differently . That is why I do n't think that older people are not bound to live with their memories and it is a mistake to think that they are not able to enjoy life . When you reach a certain age , you get to appreciate other things , such as tranquillity , family , all the thingsthings that you were n't able to take fully advantage of when you were young , mainly because of your job being too demanding and to time-taking . As a result , all depends on the definition you make out of the expression `` enjoying life '' . If you define it as enjoying the most crazy things of life , then , no , the elderly does n't enjoy life . But if you define it as taking profit of each of the raptures life can give , then , yes , the age is not an obstacle .
(ITA,medium) The goal of a student is to learn the facts. a student can have this only trought the comprehension of the ideas and of the concepts that are behind the facts . For example , when i studied the history of rome , i had to understand why rome was a big empire . for have the complete vision of this fact i went to find all the information about the history . i need to know the causes and the consequences . In my opinio , a big analysis of the causes can give me a complete vision of the real hystory , it can create a sense of criticism in myself . i can see the fact with my eyes . when a person wants to understand a topic or a facts he has to ask himself what are the motivation of the topic , the ideas . i agree with the statement because for me it 's very important to study the facts and not to memorize it . If a person does n't want to know the concepts , he choose to memorize the event without his comprehension about it . the knowledge of the ideas and of the concepts are important to create the behaviour of a person . A person who learn to see not only the facts but also what there are behind that , it will be a person who live thinking . before to do something he will thinks and he will processes all the possibily consequences of his ideas . When i have to do something important for my life , the first step is to think about my ideas , my concepts and where i want to go . by this analyse i can hypotize where i will go . this is possible because i study a lot of problem , i learn from it , i see the ideas that give the fact . it 's impossible for me to give a critical idea of a fact without the knowledge of the ideas. a big latin writer says : `` cogito ergo sum '' . this phrase is not only philosophy . this phrase indicate the work of a man to have a good life . the english for the phrase is : `` i think so i exist '' the word `` think '' indicate the capability to understand . when i need to evaluate a fact i must think and only after this i can understand the fact . if i do n't think i am similar to animal . the big concept can be adapted also to a school . normally , in a school there is a teacher who teach the facts to the students . the teacher must explain to the students the complete vision of this fact , the ideas and the concepts . he must creates in the students the interest to understand , the motivation to increase their ideas . The teacher must give to the students the instruments to arrive at the comprehension of the facts . the instruments to grown their brains .
(CHI,medium) I agree successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what ther already know how to do well . Successful people always try new things because they can see the long view in their eyes . Why they will want to try the new things ? This question is similiar as why people will creat new things which old people never imaging befor . It is because people all need to grow up . How can we grow up ? If we always do some thing we alreafy know how to do well , can we grow up ? It is n't said do the old thing is not good at all , we need to do that but succeessful people will do that when they take risks . So what will succeessful people do ? Succeessful people will try some difficult things they never do . Maybe they will fall down but they can learn a lot form ther fall down . For example , a man always play foodball in high school , he was the team 's leader and many college invide him to go to their school to play foodball . He go to one of those college and he have long vacation during this time . What should he do ? Play foodball again and again ? No , he use this time to study by himself . He know he can not play foodball forever so when he have time he work hard to study . In the end of story , he transfur to another famous college to study commurce . Is he a succeessfull person ? He make coise to study when he is free because he see the long tern in his futhure . People always do some things their already know because they are afraid . They afraid their will do wrong things . Succeeful people will take risks because they believe even they fall down they still can learn a lot that help them succeed .
(FRE,high) This question is a very important one , since it refers to the entire education system , and how , in our society , people have decided the way things should be teached to others . In this essay , we will discuss the importance of understanding ideas and concepts , and learning facts , and try to determine if one of these can be considered as prevalent , regarding the other . Learning facts is , to me , the very basis of education , because it allows people to know what happened before them , what important people lived , and may have changed the world by discovering things , writing books , being an artist . It is very important to know these kind of informations , to be able to consider the world outside yourself , and the things directly surrounding you . Plus it is useful in your everyday life , to understand what people are talking about , to be able to discuss with people about various subjects , to simply socialize , and live in harmony with others . Interracting with people does not only require knowing a lot of facts , but it also demands reflection , understanding of what you have learned . And yes , understanding ideas and concepts is also very important , because facts alone are not very useful , if you do n't try to dig deeper , to think about what you 've learned . Philosophy is a great exemple of a domain that absolutely needs both : you need to learn lots of things about the philosophers , about there time , what they have said and thought , and then you need to understand all those informations , to theorize them , in order to think by yourself , and create your own opinion , based ( but not necessaraly the same ) on what you have learned and understand . To conclude this essay , I must write that I do n't agree with this statement , I think that both understanding ideas and concepts , and learning facts , are the key to a complete education . Indeed , I think that one is n't very useful without the other .
(HIN,medium) i do agree with the statement . in todays fast moving world everybody wants to step ahead . everybody wants succes and make progress . young people are so busy with their studies that they forgett their responsiblity towards their community . all are so busy studying that they have no time leftover for extra activities . they were our parents and grandparents who use to do this job perfectly . if not studies young people are busy with their college , classes , homework and all . and if not thae they are busy with their friends , movies , partners , or just freeking out and having fun and enjoying their days , forgetting about their duty towards their community . this is something called GENERATION GAP . they are now no more interested in doing such social work . they find it boring and waste of time . we all should take some measures towards it to try to explain the young generation that helping to our community is so very important . we should offer an helping hand and do something beneficial for them . we should not only help our community but also to our friends family and to all who needs us who needs our help . we should regularly visit orphanage , blindhome , widowhome , and ask them if they need something from us . we should spend some time with them and see that their life is so painful and full of sorrows . we should be responsible towards our community and our people . we should try to bring SMLIE AND HAPPINESS on their face . we should talk to them tell them what is going around in the world and advise them to do right things . share our own experience with them so they feel nice about them . as we are responsible towards our daily life we should show our responsiblity towards our community too . as they need us . afterall , helping is a good deed . we should also teach our younger generation too to help our community we need to inculcate such values in children so that they can bring a bright future , with flying colours . we should give sometime from our busy schedule as our duty to such people and help them . this can bring smile and happiness on tjeir face . seeing thst we will be happy too and prosper our society .
(FRE,medium) I am totally agree with this statement . I am agree with , firstly because I am a forensic scientist , and so during my formation , we had to learn things of all academic branches . For example physics , biology , chemistry , law , etc . But more seriously , it 's really important to have a good instruction , it permits you to express yourself about a lot of conversation and so to speak with a lot of people from various speciallities . It is not only usefull for public relations , you can use it when you watch TV or read the newspaper , too . Sometimes it 's already really difficult for me to understand what they are talking about on the news on TV . One other thing is that today , with all the media we have , it become really easy to learn about a lot of academic fileds , not really deaply , it 's sure , but sufficiently to understand how the world is going . I can understand people who wo n't open their mind to other fields . I am of these kind when you are talking about business or politics . In fact we ca n't be interested in everything , but we can interest ourself in so a lot of thing that it would be a shame to not profite of this opportunity . Just to put a tragic accent at this essay , we can say that the lack of knowledge is what as conduct to all the extrem nations our world has known as the fascismus or the really hard communism as in ancient Sovietic Union . In fact , if Hitler had learned to know the juves and if the inhabitants of the ancient Sovietic Union had known what was going on outside the Union , these `` terror `` nations would n't have live so long ! To conclude , the lack of knowledge is nowadays unjustified and it 'll be something bad to not profite of the opportunities we have . It 's about time to open our minds .
(HIN,high) I disagree with the statement . In my opinion , it is better to be specialised in one field rather than have incomplete knowledge of several subjects which may not serve any purpose . Its no good being `` Jack of all trades - Master of none '' . A person having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is like a blunt knife . It has a large area and zero penetrating power . A specialist , on the other hand , can make breakthroughs in his field and contribute more to the society . These days the knowledge of each subject is very vast . To know about everything and then assimilating that information into something miraculous is not possible . The days are gone when a Leonardo Da Vinci could paint masterpieces , write mathematical theories and create models for an aircraft . Today 's cutting edge technology requires specialists from diverse fields who can work together and bring about a significant development . For example , consider a car manufacturing company . It does not have all its employees knowing how a combustion engine works , much the same way as it does not have all of them knowing how to market its cars . It has specific people for a specific job . It has promoters to fund development , engineers to design cars , accountants to operate logistics and advertisers to sell a car . It is a team of diverse elements , each a master in his or her respective field , that can contribute something useful . These days many pioneering researches are carried out by groups of scientists who are proficient in their respective field . A physics and a chemistry expert may collaborate to give something that one could not have hoped to achieve by himself . A scholar who knows something about everything cannot do much when the requirement is everything about something . Humanity has thrived on its dynamism and diversity . To avoid stagnation , we need specialists as the fields of knowledge have outgrown the capacity of a single human . A jack may fit anywhere in the pack of cards but it never beats the king .
(ARA,medium) Nowadays young people are very busy with everything that is going on out there in the world . Technology is one of the most important things that is making them busy , such as internet , video games , television and alot more . It seems to be that they spend so mush time playing and using these things without knowing how much time they are wasting . You see them play video games for hours , but do nothing for their communities . There are so much to do and so much to give but ignorance is the problem . Children must be tought in school how to help and give , but the first place to learn that is at home . Parents does n't know the importance of teaching their children how to help with their communites . Children should do charity work and they also should help poor people and people with physical and mental disabilities . Parents should plant in them the beauty of giving , helping and caring . also teenagers , they should learn that to . now all they care about is what to wear and where to go and whats new in fashion . i know they are teenagers and they should live their age but this doesnt hold them from helping their communities . there are so many stuff to do for their communities especialy her in Saudi Arabia . so i strongly agree with the statment . i think that we should take this problem more serious because the way young people are now is not the way we want them to be n the future . as a start i will talk to many people i know who can help me in this case and hopefully i will make a change in my community and i am sure that many children and young people will respond if we talk to them the rght way .
(FRE,medium) Young people are often independant and sometimes selfish . Moreover , people who help their communities are usually quite old . So some people can say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . There is truth but I do n't totally agree and I will explain why . It is true that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . It is a fact that the members of this kind of associations are often old . There are no many young people in it . It is a pity because young people have much time and they could use it for that . There are even some young people who have fun when they disturb their communities , it is a real problem in some areas , for example in the suburbs of Paris . But I do n't think it is really new as the statement seems to mean . It is a very old thing , solidarity was never very strong for young people . Young people like to enjoy their life , they are independant , they spent all their time for their own life . And I think it is time for them to do that . I do n't think they have to be selfish and it will be good if they help more their community . But I understand why young people give less time to that . I think it is more a question of culture than a question of age . If there is a lack for helping nowadays , it is because of everyone . For example , a young people will be not encouraged to help his community if his parents do n't . This kind of behaviour is helped by the education from the parents and the school . Everybody must do something to improve the situation and putting the responsability on young people is not the best thing to do . Finally I think that it is true that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . But I do n't think it is new and I think it is not the main problem .
(ARA,medium) YOUNG PEOPLE ENJOYING LIFE Today i 'm going to right about my opinion about people enjoying there life more when they are younger . I think there are two main resons that supports my opinion , the first one is that when you are younger you have alot less responsebelty than you do when your younger . The secound one will be that when you are younger you have so many new experiance 's to do that you will never find the time to do it when you are a grown up person . In this paragraph i 'm going to talk more about the first reson . When you are a child you can enjoy life as mush as you can . for example you can play some soccer for so many hours without thinking about other stuff to do later on ( no responsebelty ) . You can also gather with your friends alot because they also dont have anything to do like you , but when your older you wont be able to stay with them not even as half the time you used to do , but in the same time no one can live like a child all his your you must have some responsebelty 's later on this is how life is . Regarding the secound opinion when you are a small kid you have so many new experiances to explode even if they are wrong someone will tell you maybe your dad , mom , ets ... , so baseicly you dont get in so mush truble becuase of your age not like when you do when your old . but anouther disadvantage is that you dont think before you do stuff and if there is no one to put you in the right way you are going to grow up in a wrong way . Finally after talking about young people have fun more than older people its only an opinion . like this kind of subjects you can never say if your wrong or right its an opinion issue . so i hope that who ever reads my opinion that he likes what i said . At the end of a day you can never stop having fun so it does n't matter if you are young or old .
(SPA,high) Throughout history , humans have competed and strived to find and derive the best way possible to advertise and sell a product . This key concept is illustrated precisely by this statement ; for which , I would definately agree with the statement for three main reasons . The core of this statement is rooted in essential marketing techinques that are vital for the sale and profit of any product . The first main proof for this statement is seen in the essential concept that everyone that produces something to sell will want consumers to be attracted to the product by any means possible . It is in human nature to allways want the best quality possible for what one is buying . Thus , an advertisement that makes the product appear much better than they really are is a key technique in pulling a costumer to buy the product . This is because the costumer expects the product the be at its best quality . Once the consumer has decided to buy the product that attracts him ( due to the fine quality in the advertisement ) , he will go and buy it . However , if a product creates a great demand due to is advertising it will cause an increase in the amount supplied , because more people will want it . This brings the second proof for the statment . In order to have a greater amount of the product produced , the company producing the item will have to forgo time and effectiveness in makeing a finer quality product , in order to make more , which are worst than what appear in the advertisement . The third main point is that an attractive advertisement will draw people to buy that product over other similar competing products . This will make businesses and companies make their product appear better than it really is in orther to get consumers to buy theirs over their competition 's . Ultimately , as the world shifts into a greater consumer society , humans are going to want to see that their money spent ( investment in a product ) has a great appearnce . There are many products in the market that even though they are not the best quality appear to be the best thorugh their popularity and heavy advertisments . A real example could be seen with the recent popularity of the mp3 players iPod . Even thorugh their technology , capacity , and applications is worse than others ( such as Sony 's Creative mp3 players ) , their attractive advertisement and global popularity have created a huge demand , even through they are not the best product for the amount of money spent on the market . Therefore , through these three principles and the examples provided it is reasonalbe to see how most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
(TUR,medium) I do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . There are many disadvantages to follow the tour guide . Even getting a tour guide can be harmful and dangerous for tourists . First of all , when you follow the tour guide to see around the city which you want to see and travel , you only can see places in which the tour guide shows you and your group . You can not find out around of city . Everytime there are some limitations which are made by the tour guide . For example , you want to see other side of city , but there is a certain travel program which includes to see certain place in the city . You have to follow the travel program . Second of all , People who are from that city can understand that you are tourist . This sutation has some dangeours point . They can cheat on you or sell kind of present things to you much more expensive . For example , when you go to a store for shopping , if they understand that you are a foreigner or a tourist they can try to sell many things much more expensive , but if you travel alone and you can speak the language of that country which you want to see they can not understand that you are a foreigner or a tourist . So people who are from that country or that city can sell things to you in original price . Third of all , is traveling with groups not expensive activity but also it is a so dangerous . There are many terrorits people or groups who want to kidnapp to tourists and foreigner people to come true their bad purposes . Those kind of people can realize that you are a tourist , because you are travelling with the group and following the tour guide . They can kidnapp you and kill you . Furthermore they can use you for their purposes . That situtaion happenned the tourists many times . Those people killed the tourist or got money from the tourist of family . In above , there are many advantages about traveling alone and following the tour guide . The quite proverb says that `` It does not matter whatever travelling alone and following tour guide cost , people can listen their heart and make their ways for travelling . '' That 's why we have to travel alone .
(CHI,medium) It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . I agree the following statement . I think it is important for people to know the broad knowledge . Because there are too many thteresting things for us to find out , we can not live without them . And we should the each kind of the academic subjects which is fun and interesting . It can let us unearth the myserious situations and conditions , and what the reason is . Moreover , it also is a kind of bridge of communication which opens the minds of others . First of all , the broad knowledge is interesting to me . I am interested in English , Chinese , Math , Physics , and Chemistry . In my opion , all of them are very appealing to me . And I also would spend the great time learning and studying them . All the academic subjects are vital to me because it would become my power and ability . When I encounter the problems , I can use them to risk the problems . Secondly , there a lot of the unknown situations and the natural environments which humans never find out . Therefore , I hope I can find out the reason for the undiscoverary situaions occurred . Moreover , I hope I can become a great scientist that is full of wisdom . Finally , it sometimes is a bridge communciation between the unfamilar people . If you have the same kind of knowlede , you can start to talk with them and be more familar . We can also have no gaps with other people because we have the same ideas and thoughts . To sum up , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . We can be a really man who know a lot and can communicate with other easily .
(HIN,high) I totally disagree with the statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . '' I strongly feel that this statement is being made by a novice person who actually do n't refers to the weekly reports and tabloids as published by the bussiness sector regularly . Now a days a car signifies much more things than to be a mere vehicle to carry out the routine transportation . It has become an indespensible commodity like television and telephones . As compared to the primitive era , now a days people keep more than one car at their disposal marked seperately for their well defined purpose . Because of the rapid expansion in bussiness sector , the increasing distances do n't actually matter any more for the working class . There are majority of people who are working at the companies located at quite a large distance . In that case , they prefer taking their private vehicles such as cars , for commuting . It makes them feel more comfortable and save their time as well . As recently being concluded through a survey , most of the people feel that owing a car is always a better deal than owing a two wheeler as the former is more safe and secure . According to few , cars are always faster than any other two wheeler and comfortable also . One can drive them in almost any climatic conditions . They are also less subjected to the unconditional accidents such as slippage and skidding . It also helps them to avoid irritating pollution on the way . Some people also considers car as their status symbol . The larger the car , the higher recoginition they can manage to beg in the society . In my own society i could see that there were merely 20 cars five years back . But now the situation has come up to the extent that the parking place can be seen always flooding , with cars of almost all types being parked all over . The recent boom in the manufacturing sector has blessed us with the advancement of the technology . The spare parts are now available at much cheaper rates than ever . The car manufacturing companies are also devising many ways to produce economical cars which can be afforded by almost every sector of the society . Such cars consumes less fuel and are specially desingned keeping in mind the general ergonomics for people driving every day . With all such efforts in place , i really do n't feel that the number of cars in use will going to decline in the years to come . Rather we would be able to see some really sophisticated and less resource intensive models on the roads in the coming years . Last but not the least , i feel that the statement is simply based on the subjective knowledge and lacks the pragmatic approach considerably .
(SPA,high) Knowledge of any kind is always good . I believe if one has the opportunity and intellectual capacity to acquire vast amounts of knowledge from different fields he or she should not let the opportunity pass . On the other hand , if an individual tries to engage in the study of too many subjects at once , he or she might not get to achieve the level of specialisation needed to fully grasp the overall concept of an academic subject . The usefulness of having a knowledge expanding through different academic fields is that one can rely on other fields to backup its arguments in a more effective manner . Noone can argue that politics is not linked to the study of law , economics and even sociology . And moreover , many of the great thinkers and most of the great inventors in history have had a broad knowledge on different subjects . People like Leonardo Da Vinci applied their knowledge in different fields to bring about new and original proposals to our world . However , it is also true that at earlier times humanity was still discovering the most basic knowledge and technology and therefore to be a knowledgeable person on a field was not as complicated as it is today . Today , media , think tanks and many other institutions are providing us with immense ammounts of information in thousand of different fields and with a level of specialisation never seen before . Before a Bachelor of Arts was enough to enter a succesful career in academia , even business . Today Masters programmes , further education degrees , seminars , etc. mushroom around the academic world promoting the new mantra , specialisation . Universities , colleges and the business community expects the best of the best in the field they are recruiting in . I believe there is a very romanticised view of knowledge in the academic world today that I share but that I believe to be outdated in the realities of the professional world today . As a form of a conclusion I would like to say that it is also worrying the lack of out-of-business interest people have . Not many professionals today have intellectual hobbies they devote their time to after work . Neither do they pass that intellectual curiosity to their children . A Humanist culture , a love for general knowldege , from music to literature , makes better citizens and more sensible people . I am not going to claim in this paper that general knowledge is better for a career oriented person but it is definitely an essential complement to a nation 's life , in social interaction as much as in a more personal level .
(KOR,medium) Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , Even two or three decades ago , there are many people who intend to help their commuinities . Because about three decades ago , most of the country in the world were developing country . In developing country , their industry is establing on the product which need a lot of labours , More people attended a industry , more profit would be given . One person have limit to do his work in order to do plenty of tasks . For more productivity . people in this social structure sould come along with other people . But nowadays As industry of a country grows faster , the proportion of industry has changed . Society of fouded by Knowledge come up ! This society does n't require cooperaition like the ealier society , Developing internet communication system does n't require face-to-face work as much as society of labor . So Nowadays young people do n't need that they should be helping their community as a member of their coummunity . And another important reason is competing is more serious than earlier society , Many media and company emphasize competence of their rival than cooperation , So young people think dedicated to themseleves except other member of communities are benefitble .
(TUR,medium) the humankind always need advertisement to reach good life standart therefore advertisement is a very important aspect of humanslife . everyone has different point of view about the idea of advertisement . some assume that , advertisements make products seem much better than really they are , in contarry to those , some think that advertisement is reflects the origin of products . i personally agree with the second idea . these are my following reasons . firstly , advertisement is important because of customers . for example , last month i decided to give a party in my home . i live apart from my parents so i did n't know which brand is really good . actually , i have no idea about foods . however i had wanted to give a very good party . when i went to supermarket , i look around and some brands are similar for me. i have sen them in the advertisement so i could remember . i believe others ideas about the brands and when i prepared the meals , i was very pleasure . everthing was okay in my party . i am sure that , advertisements open a light for me. if i did n't have any idea about this products , i think nothing would be better than my decisions which are learned me from advertisements . secondly , advertisements are important for education . it is not only important for foods or clothes . for instance , last year i decided to take spanish course . i did n't have any idea about which course is better and i had no friends who took a spanish course . then , i looked in the internet because there are a lot of forums where people tell their ideas about different points . when i entered the such websites , i was face to face with a lot of idea . however , when i read all of them , one course is more populer than others . therefore , i decided to take a course in there . i think , it has become beneficial for me. although there was some bad informations or ideas in the ionternet , i can select the suitibla one . in my opinion , this is a kind iof advertisement in the internet and it is the most logical way . to last but not least , advertisements have an important role on purchasing . moreover it is beneficial for businessmen . for example , if i am hungry i want to eat something which is showed in the television advertisement . and , in one week even if i eat my meal , i buy this product . i think , this condution affect the rate of purchasing . by this way , people can sell a lot of products . for instance , last evening my little cousin was watching television and she saw a advertisement about milk . in the advertisement , a baby was drinking milk and he was beginnig to grow up . he is taller after he drink milk . even if my cousin does n't like drinking milk anymore , he tells us that he wants to drink milk . i think , this advertisement has positive affects both the customer and seller . it is a fact that , milk is beneficial for children to grow up healty , so it reflects the main idea truely . in addition to this , it is important for seller , because advertisement has positive effects on buying some goods . all in all , as i said before advertisment is important for purchasing and it is beneficial for customers . advertisement is related with both customer 's necessities and seller 's benefit . the long but the short is that , advertisement has positive effects on people and it reflects the main products truely .
(TEL,medium) i disagree with the statement that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because it is very difficult to gain full knowledge on all subjects , nobody in this world i think who knows everything , every one in this world is specialised in a particular thing for example a pilot he knows everything regarding an aeroplane but ask him about a train he may not b able to discuss . i have seen many elder people giving me an advice saying that `` traveling in both the boats is always difficult '' well it wos an advice given to me by my teacher when i wos preparing for an entrance exam while pursuing my engineering he said if you are really interested in the entrance exam then concentrate on it rather comin to the school because going school and studying for an entrance will not land u any where u neither able to get good marks in your engineering nor you get selected in the entrance it worked out for me got good marks in engineering when i left studying so we can consider this example for the given statement . if we want to acquire the broad knowledge on many academic subjects we cannot able to master in all the subjects which is of no use in this society to get a good job even for working it is important to master a specific subject unless u have a complete knowledge reagrding a specifi subject hoa can anubody offer you a good job u just cant get a job saying you have a broad knowledge on many subjects it has been always a difficulty for a human being to do many things at a time due to the many factors which he depends on for example the time factor , tiredness etc. which can b obstructions doin the things at a time even if you review the people around you you fill find people mastered in a specific subject for which they work for example a computer software engineer who is specialised in dealing with computer so it is always better to specialise in one subject rather goin for many subjects
(ARA,low) I think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . First , with the big developmemt of the technology traveling will be easier than tose days . Actually with planes , trains , and cars people can be in their countries at the time they want . So if we return for twenty years ago we 'll see how the people were travel in the past . There were n't cars or trains so they took days and months in traveling , For example , they used animals camels , horses and also donkeys . But now they used cars and planes so they saw that the life became more better than before . As we see , in the future people will try to make their traveling more easier than now . I think that they will discover new machines which is faster than the car . They 'll try to get their life more easy and comfort . May be they will try new trains which connect the word together from west to the east . In addition what will happen if thae cars fill all the streets in one city ? it will cause many problems for examples polluiton on the air . As aconclusion , in my opinion in the future there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
(CHI,medium) Some people say that successful person will not be willing to do what they know already but try new things out . I strongly agree this statement , and I have reasons for my this . People sometimes talk about this line `` a hero is someone who is doing a common thing in a not common way '' What makes a people successful is that he/she make a defference in something . If the person just follow the rule already there and does the thing what they already know , how can he/she be different ? How can he/she be special ? For people already succeeded . In order to survive among all those succeful people , They always choose to try new things to make them more successful . Like most scientist , they could spend their whole life time in lab for researching , discouvering a new effcient way to make something instead of what we are using now . In fact , the public recognize those peope who invent new things or discover something new which are very useful for people . The gorverment rise scholoship , the universities provide fellowship , many company and organization give money for people do research as well . A successful people will not refuse to take the risk to become for successful and make a defferent with those help . All in all , my conclusion is successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do , however , what they are going to do is completely based on what we already know , knowledge is the rule .
(ARA,medium) I agree with the statement that says , most advertisements make products seemmuch better than they really are . For several reasons this statement is true . For example , advertisements show only the good part of a product , and their only concern is to sell the product to the consumer no matter what suits him . Advertisements only show how the product is great and wounderfull , and they even show it in a way that makes it look different . Let us take a children 's gum or a lolypop for instance , in advertisments you can see two or more children grabing one of those sweets , and when they try it , their appearance and the whole world changes around them and all of it becomes like a sweet dream . Now , what kind of messege would an advertisement give to a child ? The answer is clear when you just take a look at a child in sweets section in any super market . Those children who will try the dreamy product will feel that they wear tricked , simply because they will remain in their same spot with a normal taest . Advetisements do care only about gitting bought regardless of wheather they suits the buyer or not . Let us take clothes for instance , in advertisements you can see people from different ages wearing tha same styile and the same colors and the same fit . Now , what would such an advertiement make people think is alright ? The answer is also clear from what you can see in the streets of poeple wearing things that are not appropriate for thier ages . In conclusion , I agree that most advertismen
(SPA,medium) Being an experienced person is always good , not only will it help you in life but it also proves that you are not an ignorant . Having a broad knowledge over many topics is necesary in a world like today ; this is why we have many subjects to be studied both in school and university . Though this is not enough in a society like today 's . To be succesful it is necessary for people to specialize on a certain topic of their choice . Without majoring and becoming a profesional on a subject your chances of having a good life now a day is scarce . People consider that studying is one of the most essential parts in life which is necessary for having a good and secure future . Personally agreeing in the matter I am experiencing something similar . As a high school senior applications is something that you must do to continue with your education . Being accepted into college is wonderful and necessary to secure a good future not only for yourself but for your upcoming family . What is difficult is to decide what you want to study , as the world becomes more competitve , you also want to study something you like . Everyone knows that in a university you will not only study the subject of your choice but you will also be taking many other basic courses . Having a broad knowledge over things is necessary and that is why colleges and universities obligate you to learn other material . Emphazising on your specific major is also a must and that is why most colleges and universities recommend declaring a major as soon as possible . Being a profesional in a world like today is something we have learned to look forward to . Increasing your knowledge is what most people really want but to do this one must study . Sadly having an extensive knowledge isnt enough to prosper in this world and that is why one must also specialize in a determined subject .
(SPA,high) They say that those who win write history . However , it does not mean those who lose were not part of it . Taking risks is a double-edged sword , depending on the ability of the samurai . A saying like this would drive a person to take unnecesary risks , without giving them fair warning that taking risks is serious business . Back in my Junior year business class , we talked about the Risk-Return curve ; which basically stated that the greater the risk , the greater the return . Succesfull people who have taken great risks and in turn earned great return from it , can get away with rolling that statement around . It is a different tune for those who took the risk to high , and did not recieve a return . Doing the same thing , is not entirley as bad as the statement makes it seem . Sure , taking a risk once in a while is good , but perseverance and constance are also traits succesfull people posses . It gives those who depend on you a sense of security and stability , which is benefitial for any business . A healthy balance between taking and not taking risks is , in my opinion , a healthy adivse . More than anything , knowing which risks to take . Being wise comes with experience , the same way the ability comes to the samurai wielding the double-edge sword . Experience is aquired with patience , but also with a keen eye and an ambitious mind set to succeed . One must know when and where , but most importantly , why . In conclusion , yes , succesfull people take risks . But risks taken after deep analysis and gained experience . Knowing when to attack , when to defend , and when to fortfeit is what makes a person succesful ; It is what guarantees the samurai 's victory .
(CHI,high) There is a controversial issue about whether students should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects or specialize in one specific subject . Depending on their distinct backgrounds and experiences , different students hold different opinions . In my point of view , I think a specific learning is better because it is more dominated in a person 's career . The most impornt reason of choosing a specialized knowledge is that nowadays the knowledge in every subject is becoming more and more difficult . On one side , as the sciense and technology develops , the knowledge of one specific subject becomes more complicated . On the other side , a person 's energy is limits by the nature . Thus , if a person insists on learn a broad range of subjuects , he will find that he is left behind the other persons more and more . For example , one of my classmates , who liked to learn lots of different subjects , such as mathematics , biology and arts , got a bad GPA during his college career . Therefore , we should not expect us to be a perfect person who knows everything . A good example , Bill Gates , the richest man in the world , may lose the match to a pupil in playing ping-pong . So becoming a person who is expert in one area is more reasonable . Another important reason is that the current society need more and more specific-trained persons , such as IT enigeers , doctors , professional player and so on . Today works can no more be classified to several types , they are elaborated to very specific jobs . For example , the computer companies have been divided to sofeware companies such as Microsoft , hardware companies such as Intel . Moreover , new types of companies are also appearing , such as internet companies , Goole . These different jobs need more and more knowledge in specified area and a narrower knowledge range compared to the past . Thus a specific-trained person is obviously more suitable than a widely-trained person . To be fair , I must own up to the importance of the elementary knowledge in a wide range . Everyone should learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects in his/her junior and senior school to detemine what he/she is suitable for . However , this broading learning is just preparing for the later deeper specialized learning which is longer and more important in one 's career . To sum up , due to the reasons mentioned above , we can safely draw the conclusion that students should specialize in one specific subject .
(FRE,high) It is a well-known tradition for students to dislike dates . Therefore , it seems that maybe they do n't like learning facts , which seems harder than `` just '' understanding an idea or concept . Indeed , once you have understood the idea of something , theorically , it remains in your mind , whereas facts are easily forgotten . You can then re use the concept you have learned before , only because you understood how it worked , why it was important , and so on . And , something very important for the students , if they do n't really remember the exact words their teacher used to explain the concept , they can made up something of their own , which may still be accurate . On the contrary , you cannot do the same withs facts . Facts , as it is implied , are precise , occurred in special situations , and were followed by special consequences . For example , you can explain to someone what is the concept of Epicure 's philosophy , even if you do n't really remember all the aspects of it , eventually your explanation may still be valuable for the other person . It is more complicated with facts ; indeed , you cannot imagine how Henry 8th left the Catholic Church to create the Church of England , unless you know the facts , the dates , the consequences , and so on . As far as I am concerned , I think that facts are as important as concepts or ideas . Facts are needed to understand concepts , and concepts are needed to foresee facts ' consequences , for example . Concepts may sometimes be too abstract for students , and the vocabulary generally used to explain a `` concept '' is not really words that we use in everyday 's life , and it may be a problem for some students . Here , facts can help the teacher ( or the person explaining ) making the ideas clearer for the others . To conclude , I would say that there is a very close relationship between understanding ideas and learning facts ; none is more important than the other , and when you are sutdying , you need to do both to succeed .
(FRE,medium) Nowadays , we can see a lot of cars in all streets of the world in spite of the growth of th price of the oil . I think it wo n't change in twenty years . I think that people want to be more and more indepedant and the car is one of the signes of this independance because you can go where you want when you want , you just have to pay the oil . The need of move is very important for the man and people prefers take their car instead of the bus for exemple . And it 's why I think cars will not disappear with the time , but the oil , will do . It 's a big ecological problem because oil pollutes a lot the ozone , and we must find new way of cars energy in the future like alcohol , it 's already done in some countries like Brazil for exemple . It is also a political conflict , as I said after , poorests countries than France , like Brazil , had already adopted new energy but for richest countries , it 's a way of earning money because there are a lot of taxes on the oil . The society of consommation and benefits we live in is also a preponderant factor , because people are attract to buy more and more , they are touched by the advertisement done by all manufacturers , and if you close cars manufacturers , it will have big consequencies on the market , and create unemployment . But by the same way , if you reduce the use of the cars , you must create new underground structure so it will create temporary workers which can be helpfull for the unemployment of people who are not qualified for another job . However , a thing that we must know is that for the 2006 year , the statistics shows that the sales of cars have dicrease for a lot of big company like Renault . To conclude , it is very difficult to predict the future of the cars market , but from my point of view , I can not live whithout my car , I am keen on driving . So I hope cars will not disappear ...
(FRE,high) I very strongly disagree with the claim that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Such a position relies on a few logical arguments , but also on the results of a personal experience , both of which I shall now try to highlight : First of all , any effective decision coming from a group has to be the result of a very long , slow and fastidious process of argumentation . Also the decisions , once made , are known to level the number of exciting things to do , museums to visit , to a strict minimum . Even if the presence of a guide would undoubtebly temper the problem of an effective decision as the result of a collective process , it would only do so by raising another kind of problem , quite more preoccupying really : tour guides are not always reliable , and actually often turn out to be quite deceptive if not fully mendacious . True , to the extent that it allows the traveler not to worry about any plan or any decision to make , to rely on a tour guide can be an agreable way to enjoy a holiday . Also to travel in a group can provide a sense of psychological comfort , by knowing that one will never be on her or his own . In the end , it seems that the personality of the traveler plays a huge part in the answer to that claim . In my opinion , the best way to travel is unquestionably on one 's own . No tour guide , no group , just a backpack and a city map . As paradoxical as it may sound , I have always experienced it to be the best way never to be alone .
(TUR,low) I belive trying new things and taking risks are the key of the success . In our world if a person wants to be famous with his or her success story he or she must create a new thing and take risks . Firstly invention is a major requirement of success . A person who wants to invite something must be radical and try new things othwerwise he or she find new powerful ideas that will lead to success . Henry Ford who is the inventor of cars that we use today has emphasized the importance of invention and radical thinking abilty by these words : `` If we asked the people what they want only thing they would say would be the faster cars '' . Secondly taking risk for the success is an inevitable point . People who wants to be successful must know that there is no easy way to the top and they should know they will To sum up ,
(ITA,medium) I agree with the statement for the following three reasons : First : being young implies still long time to live . Young people are always full of expectations and hopes because they know there is a lot to live for them , so they can make plans for the future and hope these plans will come true . Older people have shorter expectations of life and for this reason they are not as hopefully as young people . Second : young people have always more energies and a better healt . When people are young they can do a lot of things , for example playing sports , going to see new places , living far from home , going on long holidays , staying up all the night . They can do all of that because they never get tired and their healt helps them to recovery fast . When someone is old , for example , ca n't play sports because of his bad health and would be risky for him to go on holiday in certain places such as deserts or high mountains . The fear of dying caused by their bad healt and their age makes them act with more care and enjoy less the life . Third : young people has n't seen many things yet . This give them the joy to live and to make new experiences . If they are very young they still have to fall in love and make a family . This two tasks make a young person more happy and full of hope . The idea of a family is very strong for young people and make them appreciate the life . An old person have already exerienced these things and ca n't enjoy life as a younger person would . Furthermore it is not the same if they fall in love again , as it was the first time they did . For the previous three reasons I think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
(FRE,medium) Everybody want to succeed in something . But for some people , success is more about keeping a certain kind of safe situation and not taking any risk to obtain what they want , for other people , risking and jeopardize an established situation is the essence of success and one could'nt makes it without it . Is taking risks and trying new things the only relevant way to success ? On the one hand , one must acknoledge that , in spite of a more glamourous aspect than basically choosing for safety , taking risks remains by definition ... risky indeed . Taking risks or trying new things might lead to sucess , but can also often make one 's situation worse than before . The statement should n't so be applied in any circonstance : take the example of someone who is burdened with a gambling problem . Such a person will often loose all his money on the very justification that he can win tremendous amounts of money by taking a small risk ! Trying new things does n't implies success at any time too . One good example is the franchising phenemenon that keeps on spreading around the fast food restauration services . Experience have shown that using an established brand and well known products can be far more interessant for fast food restaurant . Customers may be scared of new things , and introducing new products does n't necessary means being successful . But on the other hand , no one can be really succesful without taking any risk . If someone only follows established footsteps without adding any new thing , it is sure that his fate wont be extraordinary too . Many of the `` success stories '' one could heard about are mainly grounded on an invention , or on a risk taken : Bill Gates became the richer person in the word by creating Microsoft Windows , Fosburry won all the high jump competitions by using `` Fosburry '' technique ... Galileo himself took the risk of claiming that the earth goes round the sun while nobody else at his time dared believe it ! To conclude , I would say that to succeed , taking risks is essential but must remains a calculated thing , keeping in mind the fact that losses can occur , and dealing with this possibility .
(GER,low) The companys in the world build a lot of product , but not all of these product need the people . So the companys spend a lot of money in TV spot or marketing in newspaper . They want that the consument thinks that they spend the best product and the consument has to buy the product . The question is when the companies spend more money in marketing , sell they more . And if yes spend they so much more that the cost for marketing are in the value . Red Bull spend half of their money in marketing , they have two teams in the formular one , one football club in austria , one air craft world series , ... But is that to much money . Cannot they spend the money in better produkts or gaves the money to theirs workers , shareholders , in social projects , ... Another example is Ebay , Ebay spend a lot of money to tell the people that you can be happy if you sell your thinks which in your house or in your flat . You tell 3 , 2 , 1 , my . But are you happy or is it better if Ebay do not spend such a lot of money in marketing . When they spend the money a better product , lower cost for the customers . Or if they spend the money in environment . Advertisements should tell us that we buy the best product , but in real we do not buy a product which is better than the product which stand next to them . We habe to pay for the marketing , product from big companies are more expansive than products from no name firms . The people feel better if they buy a product from big company , because they know that they get a good product . When they buy a product from a no name firm they do not konw if the product is quit good .
(JPN,medium) I disagee with the idea that young people enjoy life more tha older people do . Normaly older people have more free time and more money than younger people , and also thay have a chance to fall in love . My grand mother travels every month with her many friends . Most young people want to go to travel but they do not have enough money and time to do . Most young peope have to work and it is difficult to take a vacation . However most retired older people have a lot of time , the y have some money to enjoy their life because they are getting retirment money from gobvermant . Now , there are dating clubs for sinior in Japan . These are very famouse in Japan . The daiting club is for sinior who does n't have a pertner because of pertner 's death or divorce . Even though they are old like 60 , 70 , 80 years old , they can perticipate the club . They go to some restrant all group and talk and do some game ann if they found pertner who thay like , they can ask to go date . even though they are old they have a chance to fine a pertner and chance to fall in love . Beacuse of the above reasons , they enjoy their life same as young people or more than them . The way of enjoying life is different by each person . It doesn ' t matter age or gender . Older people enjoy their life by their own way .
(TEL,medium) As I am try to assess the state of the number of cars being used twenty years down the line , we can primarily look into the things that might actuallly be the core reasons , which can minimise the use of cars The reasons I see for decrease in the number of cars is to decrease consumption of fuel as fuel is being scarce day by day , to decrease the environmental pollution , people looking for more faster means of transport , might become too expensive . As we can see the reasons , to decrease the consumption of fuel , there is no need to curb the use of cars instead we can try and invent new mean of fuel for ignition , for instance people have already started using cooking gas as fuel , but it is agreed that it is too dangerous as a small spark can ignite the whole vehicle , so research has to be made to develop furthur . and the ease of availability of the cooking gas is also specious , but there is definitely alternate way to produce fuel Another reason for decrease might be that maitaining a car might become too expensive , as the number of cars increased the consumption of fuel increased too , this led to decrease in the availability of fuel or over all depletion of the fuel in the world , this will lead to increase in available fuel cost . Not only this for maitaining a car , we need a space to park it , increasing use of this means of trasport on metropolitan cities have decreased the availability of space , sometimes getting small amout of space is much more expensive than one can visualize . People might choose more reliable and faster means of trasport , may be some cheaper air transport . this not completely imaginative idea , but this already put to practice to create few planes which can be used by common people , if these bcome more compact , easier and faster means of transport people might well opt for the same , but this might not be possible in just twenty years . infact , I believe that there might be much more cars than the what we currently have , if the raise in the use of cars is considered . if we just consider the case of developing contries like India , the raise has been significant for the past twenty years . that can be seen from the fact that number of brands of cars that India used to have twenty years before and what it is now , and also the increase in the traffic level . May be developed countries might have already exhausted their use of cars in all their metropolitan cities , but we still have the scope to grow in the developing countries . another point that can be described is the fact that growing population needs increases the scope of travel , thus increases the number of mean of trasport that we use . as population of the world is defenitely in an increasing state , there will never be decrease in the number of means of transport they use . as Car is the significant means of trasport in this modern world , there are prone to increase too . So , on the whole I believe that will never be fewer cars in this world than today , though
(FRE,medium) Nowadays we can watch at television a great deal of advertisements for a lot of products . Consequently , we can wonder whether the products we see at television are really good or not . I totally disagree with advertisements because they turn people to be stupid . Most people buy products only because they have seen them at television and think that they are good . Most of time the products are not really so good . For example , there are a lot of advertisements for food whereas everybody knows that these products are very bad for one 's health . That is why I think that advertisement is really a con and is here only to attract naive people and so that businessmen might make a lot of money on those poor people . Moreover , in my opinion most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Western countries are living under the reign of money . Money attracts money , that is capitalism and this is one of the reasons why advertisement exists . In the other hand , food scandals are more or less the consequences of advertised products . For example , I can quote the foot and mouse disease or the mad cow 's disease . It can also be added that because of the bad quality of certain products , some unscrupulous people dare to send these '' rubbish '' to lower developped countries and it is a shame
(KOR,high) Whenever I plan for traveling , I consider whether to travel in a group led by a tour guide or to travel individually without a tour guide . However , even though there are some people who prefer to travel individually , I like to journey following an instructor . As I have experienced in both ways , I believe there are more advantages to travel in a group led by a tour guide . First , traveling with a tour guide makes people be more comfortable . For example , when I travel following a tour guide , I feel comfortable about not thinking of the direction of the new place . The instructor had already planned where our group was supposed to visit , eat , and book the hotel , so there was nothing I worried about . Second , it is safe to travel with a tour guide . Because the tour guide knows where we go , there is less chance to be lost in the foreign country . Also it is more comfortable to travel with a person who can communicate in the language of the country which I do not know . Last , it is easier to get information of the place where we travel . Since guiding is his or her work , the instructor knows information about where he or she take people . Thus , people who travel within a tour guide easily get close to the new information as they listen to the instructor . When I visited europe , I was fullfilled with the questions of the history of where I travel such as `` Winter Castle '' in Russia and Alps mountain in Switzerland . Because I did not know how to speak English at that time , there was no way to ask to residents . However , with the tour guide 's help and information , I could satisfy with what I wanted know easily . With these reasons , I disagree with the statement , `` The bes wat to travel is is a group led by a tour guide . '' It is more comfortable and safeto travel where I do not know much about it .
(GER,medium) I clearely disagree with this statement above for the following reasons : Maybe on a first impression , young people often seem to have more fun because they are able to take part in activities like doing sports , going to parties and traveling . Clearely , some of these activities ca n't be done by older people mainly for physical reasons . But on the other hand , there are still many activities remaining that are even more suitable to be done by older people : First of all , there are characteristic ways to engage in sports for older people , like hiking , swimming and playing golf and chess . They even may have the advantage of perhaps having practiced this kind of sport for several years and can now acchieve greater , more satisfieing success . Second , there are a lot of opportunities to meet other people in several clubs or on bus tours . In these occassions they may even meet people that share the same interests . Finally , a lot of old people start traveling all after the world once their done with their career . At this point , it is important to mention , that in an older age one has a much greater amount of freetime he can use for any of those activities he likes most . That 's due to the fact , that in childhood and youth one has to go to school , to study or to work in a job . I personally know older people , who really began travelling all over the world because they finally had the time to do so . So it is obvoius , that there many possibilies for older peo So finally , one can conclude , that you can only answer this question for yourself , depending how `` fun '' is definded and how it can be measured in your eyes .
(ITA,medium) I think is true that advertisements make products seem better than they really are , in fact the researched effect of advertisment is that people will buy the product . To get this results there could be two differents ways . The fist is based on spots : if you want to sale something it is natural that you will show its qualities even exagerating ; in commercial world there is alway a fight to get more and more buyers and it does n't have importance if the product has really the stated qualities , the only important thing is that someone buy . On the other hand showing a product better than it really is has a negative conseguence , a person who had bought this product expecting some caracteristics will not be satisfated about that product , so it is possible that in future he or she would not buy it another time . An other policy should be to spent less money in spots and more to make the product better , so a owner will found all the requested qualities in the product and will buy it another time . The negative aspects is that people will probally buy often the product they have already seen even if it costs more than others . In conclusion I think that for companies will be easier to spend money on spots because it gives immidate results while the other way semm to be more difficult . It is on the owner to understand if the product is actually as good as the advertisement makes or if it is only a way to make people convinced to buy it .
(ITA,high) There is a vibrant debate nowadays on whether it is better to know many academics subjects at a broad level rather than specialize in one specific subject . Even if I understand the importance of knowing something well and in depth , I agree wirh the statement that it is better to study as many subjects as possible during schools and college time . The following are the three main supporting reasons to my position . First , I think that the role of education is to give to students as many information as possible , in order to give them at least a general view on all the important topics and areas . For example , students too focused on one area might be in troubles to get along in group of other students discussing other topics and they might miss something they actually really like . Second , studying many academic subjects give the students the opportunity to understand what they really like in order to make sure they choose a carrer that fits with their interestes . This is important to avoid situations in which students realize that they do n't actually want to work all their life in the area they specialized in and it causes them to be not preparare dto a carrer shift because they lack knowledge in other areas . Finally , my third supporting point is related to the social life of people . When people get specialized in one specific subject , they might even win a nobel prize in their area of study but there is the risk that they lack important knowledge which are necessary to enjoy everyday social life . Let 's think to someone who spent her entire life in a laboratory without any other interests : he might definetly be a great scientist but he may fell unconfortable in partecipating in discussion of other topics ( i.e. history , politics , arts ) ; when it happened , people might have problems in getting along with other during social events , like theatres , museums and all the other networking events that are so importnat in everyone 's life . In conclusion , I agree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academics subjects and the points made above sustain this thesis in a both personal and professional perspective .
(KOR,medium) There will be less cars than nowadays , in twenty years time ? My answer to this quetion is no . As the technology improves , there must be other transport that can replace the car , which is the most importatnt transport to people these days . People might invent something much safer , faster and more comfortable . However , I think it is just going to be an improvement . What i mean by improvement is that they change the shape , fuel that car uses or even electronical and technological things that car requires . For example , automatic car . Automatic car is controlled by the computer system in the car so that driver do not have to drive him or herself . If they wishes to drive then they can change it back to mannual mode . Also , fuel that cars needed migth be change in twenty years time . These days most of people use gas or patrol . But in the future we might use solar energy or electrcity instead of gas or patrol as its fuel . There are some cars already use electricity but it needs more improvement to make it perfect . Futhermore , car might be able to travel above the water or under the water , not just on the road . I 've seen a bus once in Liverpool that it can travel on the road and above the sea . It can be easily changable so that people can travel with their car above the water as well as on the road . To sum up , there are so many improvements can be made without inventing something new . Beside , i think it is better to improve cars than inventing somethin new as we are used to it .
(ARA,low) In the world of bissnes the mony is the bice , so if you think you are doing the good idea you sould do it . If you can make mony by ligele ways
(CHI,high) I agree with the condition , young people do enjoy life more than older people . Not only because older people had lived longer , but also young people are more active . Yet , young people like to try anything new , they are more willing to accept the changes of the world . Because older people have lived longer , so they had try anything new during their `` younger life . '' As they grow older , they are more mature , they know what is the most important in their life . For example , a young man of age 18 will go to night club more often than a man who is 23 , the reason is because that the man knows there is just a place for rest and maye he needs to work on the next day . On the other hand , the young man will think the night club is very fansy and fun , because there is lots hot girl or any other reason that attract his attention . In this case young man knows how to release himself in a night club , but the man did not get rest totally in the club . Young people are usually more active than the older people , because they have more energy , yet , they are easily to take attention on new things than the older people . For examplel , lets say a 18 young man and a 25 man , they both like to read novels , but maybe the man would not to go to the store to rent it , and just have fun sitting there to read , or go online , do some novel search . Oppositie , the young man may go to the store and sit there 4 hours just watching novels and enjoy in it . Older people can not do anything they want freely , because they need to think more and they have to have the motivate to do it . No matter what the change is , older people do not like it and they can not survive from it , but young people , even if they do not like the change , they can still survive from it . For example , grandmother did not think that her granddaughter can go to school and married at age of 16 or 17 . Different from the mother , she would let her daughter go to school , and to be educated , not marrying until the age of 28 , so then the grandmother would always complain to the mother that she should not let her daughter to go to school . All in all , older people can not enjoy their life , not because they had lived what the young is living but because they are not as active as the young do . Moreover , older people do not like anything new or to be changed , they are stuck in their own world . Which is different from the young people , who is enjoy their life , play around , and try any new things .
(TUR,high) Science-fiction movies depict a future , where there are no cars in the streets because it is subsituted by teleportation . Although it is mere fantasy and a funny expectation at the moment , some people think that cars will vanish or their numbers will be reduced in twenty years . I do not agree with this statement partly because cars have become a part of our daily life . More importantly they have become a part of our modern life . Mobility is an important feature in today 's world since it offers escape from our daily routine , which is essential for refueling energy to ourselves to continue living . Another reason is due to the market large corporations have at the present and they will not be willing to lose this market . The first aspect why cars will not become unpopular in near future is due to their strong impact in our lives . In this modern day , we do everything using cars : we drop and get our children from school using cars , we go out to entertain ourselves with our cars . With the movement to the suburbs , we need to go to the shopping mall and get our weekly needs . Other than that , families in suburbs are usually isolated , and their only escape is gained through going out with their cars . In city life , we have to use cars too due to the fact that city has a fast life and we have to adapt to it . Another point regarding cars is that they offer us an escape from the daily routine , which is something we need for continuing working . Some might argue that we already spend time in cars in our daily routine . However , a car and an open road is usually associated with freedom and escape . In today 's world , leaving our daily routine for a few days is considered as a way to feel ourselves comfortable and relaxed : we go on vacations using our cars or go for a picnic at the weekends . As in seen in the movie Thelma and Louise , where two women go away from their houses for the weekend for a change since this is neccessary to go on living . The market car producers have at the moment is another aspect why cars will not be outnumbered by other vehicles . Since there is a big market for producers to sell their cars to consumers , producers will find a way to keep cars popular . To examplify , in the city - Ankara where I have been living since I was born , there have been a great increase in the number new of cars in the traffic . This fact that I notice everydays shows that cars have not lost their popularity . On the contrary , more cars have been sold in the last few years than in earlier times . This is partly because car producers are conforming to today 's needs by changing the outlook of the cars . In other words , they will not lose popularity , but the way they work will change . Some people believe that there will be less cars than there are today in twenty years . I do not agree with this statement because cars have become a part of our daily modern lives , and we do every little thing using them . Additionally , cars function as an escape from the daily routine of life to the people , who are exhausted in their daily lives and in need of energy . Moreover , car producers have a big market of consumers , which is something that producers will never want to lose .
(KOR,medium) Some people might say that for the students it is more crucial to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . However , I ptrfer to choose with the formal since the students are learning their subjects based on facts from the school . Firstly , a lot of adults are trying to teach and give them only the right factors without any explanations . For instant , Whenever I had learned something from the school I did not understand the parts of ideas and concepts on something but the teachers tought me the facts not the real ideas of the problem . So it was really hard for me to understand of my study and improve my studying skills . Also I was not even able to concentrate on the other parts . On the other hand knowing only facts could be easier but unuseful and does not make more sense . In addition , for the learners make them to understand more ideas and concepts are much better and they can feel more security . To sum up , as I said above , in my case telling kids the ideas and concepts are more critical than just let them know the facts . Because students have to have their own rights to think about some facts and should able to catch their abilities as well as human 's freedom .
(TEL,medium) I do agree with the statement , untill unless a person is willing the take risk and try things differently the posibility of success is less . as doing the same thing will produce more of the same results , which he or she already is experiancing . if they are not enhancing a persons life , no matter how much he do what already he know will not make him successfull in anyway , in my own example i did by moving to united sated , if i whould have left in my hom country i would have not been successfull as i am right now . by moving to this coutry i took the risk of leaving my safe job back in my country , which i was doing for almost 5 years , i was well estabilised in job know what i was doing hence i dont have to worry about job , but the pay was not great . if i would have stayed i would making same amount of maney , and my experiance in life would have remained the same Ever since i moved to united states i have making more money , i have bought a home and leaving very happy life . and more imporatanly i have oppertunity to meet the new people and know about various cultures , as many people from different coutries come and settle heit whould have not possible if i have stayed back .
(GER,medium) Sadly , I do not think that in the future there will be less cars in use than nowadays . Although , I would really appreciate that , I really doubt it , because the possibility that people all start using the train or even that our government will prohibite cars in the cities , is quite small . Still , I think it would be a huge achievement to reduce traffic on our streets . The horriblest thing in cities are the overcrowded streets , the noise of the traffic and the pollution cars cause . Still , I am sure cars will not get out of favour , because people are obsessed with them . I know several people , who buy very expensive cars , they cannot even afford to buy . Just because it is an huge status symbol and everzone loves to brag about it . People may argue , that oil prizes will increase so much , that the ordinary man cannot afford to keep a car , but I think that the industry already has good alternatives . Natural oil , a gas or solar driven cars are alreadz developped and fully functioning . But these cars are still so expensieve or weird looking that people do not want to buy them . In conclusion , there is no reason why there should be fewer cars in use than there are today . Furthermore , several third and second world countries ( like China and India ) are developing to industrial states and therefore , they will even need more cars . In an utopian world there would not be any cars and all people would have access to trains , which would provide the transportation .
(GER,medium) I can not really agree with the statement . In my oppinion it is better to be specialized in one specific subject than to have a knowledge of many academic subjects . I think in todays world companies want people to know everything about the area they work in . What should a company do with someone how knows from everything a bit but does not really have fundamental knowledge about a certain area . That is also a reason why I decided to study a specialiced subject . I for examble study international finance which is a small part of the big economical area . I think for myself that this decicon the best was I ever did . Because their are so many people who study economics I mean good they may have a broad knowledge about all areas but at the end they would not be able to understand the financial sector as good as I can . As far I know companys are looking specially for people from the financial sector which are specialized in that field . Which advantages and disadvantages would it have ? On the on side with a broad knowledge you might be more flexible . Because those people could work in all economical areas they want . On the other side I am not sure if a broad knowledge is enough to fullfil your aims and make the big money . You can work in all economical areas but to became at top manager you should know about the fiel you are about to manage . That is a advantage me with only a specialized knowledge . I would know about the area I am about to manage and would know how to handle the problems which might occur . A disadvantage really is that I am really stucked onto the financial sector . If I want work I am not that flexible like I would be with a broad knowledge . But If I add up all those disadvantage and advantage it is still good for me to be only specialized in one subject . I may only have this oppinion because I am very interested in that area I am study . But figures do not lie companys at the end prefer specialised employees .
(ARA,medium) In my openion young people enjoy life more than older people do for several reasons . I do agree with the statment because I have experienced life and I have seen it . First , young people , children and kids do n't have any wories about any thing . They do n't think of bills to pay or rents or what to eat or drink . Their minds are full of imaginations for their little world . For example , they have wild way of dressing up , like a prinsess or a solder . They have a wild way of drawing , they draw their family not the best way or in a professinal way but in a way that make them feel happy and satisfied . Another reason is , they like to have fun and be happy in all situations . all they think of play , play play . They can all day long if you leave them with toys and friends . When they fight they do n't talk to each other for a minute or tow but after that they plat together like nothing happened . Adultes however , do n't talk to the person that they are mad at for days , monther , and even years . For example , my sister got into a fight with her best friend and did not speak to her friend for a very log time . This caused their relationship to be broken untile this very day . Finally , young people have young minds that are open to new thing and new ideas and learning . Kids learn faster than an audalts can . This show how they enjoy life and use it to make them happy almos in every situation of their lives . In conclution , I believe that young people can and are enjoyiny life more than older people can . You can see that through the exampels that I have described in this essay and also through experience of life . I did not live my childhood life bacuse of many reasons that I will not discuss but I have learned to enjoy my life because I live it like a kid .
(ITA,medium) I do agree with the statement , in fact the most part of the advertisements we are used to see shows only perfect products , for instance : wornderful hairs when presenting a shampoo , absolutely slim dancers when promoting a diet pill ... This are only a couple of examples , but everyone of us have been upset at least once looking at the mirror and seeing that after one month using the ecxeptional mussels-stimulator saw at ( and bought from ) the television , he still does n't look like Jean Claude Van Damme . This means that the examples of how different are the real products from what is presented in the advertisements , can easily be collected from everyone 's everyday life . Nevertheless , I do n't feel the need to criticize this feature of marketing itself : obviously it might illude people about the effectiveness of a product while it may not be as effective as that , but as long as no one is phisically forced to buy the product , I do consider this one as an absolutely conventional marketing strategy . In fact , in 2006 , nobody still pretends to believe in the reality of what is presented by television ( movies , as well as reality shows , as well as advertisements ) , and with the progresses made by the graphical arts , which are now available to the most part of the population , we are totally aware of the manipulations that are used to images ( just as pictures of products , or videos ) to reach the best result . This is probably the most important feature of this marketing strategy . In the past years , in fact , it was not as easy as it is now to modify the image of a specific product to make it appear more desirable : it required lot of expensive and sophisticate tecniques , which were n't available to everybody . Nowadays the progressive informatic revolution has also improved computer 's graphical skills , which allows companies to maximize the effectiveness of the advertisement presenting a maximum grade of perfection of the product . I finally think this is a feature of our society : to be attracted by the ( at least apparent ) perfection , which might be false , but people like to dream , even if it is just for a while .
(JPN,medium) I disagree with this opinion . Cars are developing better and more conveniently recently . There are navigations and you can watch TV on the car when you rest to drive a car . If there is navigation , you do not get lost , and you do not have to bring a map . When you drive somewhere , and you cannot find somewhere to stay , you can stay in a car . If there is TV in the car , you are not bored . Most of cars have music players . They are high quality and clear sound . Recently cars ' technologies are getting safer and more comfortable . Some cars let you know when you almost hit walls and people . The way of driving became easier than before . It was difficult to drive cars before . Because it is complicated to move cars before and it is dangerous to drive . It is difficult to control speed and if you make mistakes to control , car stopped suddenly . But there is two types of to control cars , manual and auitomatic cars . Manual cars are old style to control . But it is easier to drive automatic cars than manual cars . Automatic cars are easy to control and safe . You can control speed easily and when you make mistakes to control , cars will not stop suddenly . Recently there are small cars . You do not hit walls easily with small cars . In contrary , there are big cars too . You can let many your friends and your family in a big car . You can have fun to spend time with many friends and family in a big car . There are fasionable cars recently . Their colors are various . There are blue , red , yellow , purple and any beautiful colors . Some cars ' inside is decorative like club , and you can listen to music loudly . They are popular with young people .
(TUR,high) Whether or not successful people try new things and take risks is a complex issue . While someone might argue that only doing the the things what they already know how to do well provides them a lot of advantages , it can also be said that trying new things and taking risks can lead them to way of success . Both sides of the issue have advantages and disadvantages but i think that trying new things and taking risks is the better choice . First of all , at present we live in a world where every thing is getting harder day by day . It is getting harder to go to university , if you can go to universtiy this time it is hard to find a new job for yourself . Furthermore there are thousands of people who does almost the same things as you do . That is , if you are a bank worker there are thousands more bank workers who do the same things as you do everyday . At this point what differ you from the rest is your courage . If you are strong enough to take risks and try new things u can open up the way of success . Forexample maybe you borned in a farmer family and grew up in a rural area however it is not your destiny to be a farmer if you are strong enough to choose the way of studying and working hard you can open up a small company and be the boss of your own company and maybe you will have chance to be a boss of a huge company which trades with thousands of firms from allover the world Last but not least , life is a risk on its own . Nobody can know that what will happen a minute later . Therefore , we can not predict what can happen as a result of a decision we make . We are the only one who can be ended it . While we spend enough energy and time over the steps we decided to take we can be successful at the end . Forexample , you can start with a bussiness of trade if you really work to achieve something there is no reason left for being unsuccessful . Only u have to work on it hard and do not give up against the problems Overall , i think that successful people try new things because they know that clear u can not reach the top with the things everybody does . trying new things is the key of the way of success .
(GER,medium) Most advertisements actually do make a product seem better then it actually is when it is bought and in use . The question we have to ask is not if this is a positive or negative fact but why do companies do such things . In todays mostly capitalistic economies with a free market one has a wide range of offers in each segment of the market . It does not matter if someone is looking just for a bottle of shower-gel or a new TV , the customer has many products to choose from . An interesting fact in this matter is that with an advancing socity the product-life-span is getting smaller and smaller . This fact makes strong advertisements necessary to be successful on a market . Furthermore more we have to think about the way we are thinking as a customer . We all know the situation where we go out to buy our normal supplies of food and toiletries . We are standing in front of that huge shelf of shower-gels and are not able to decide which of the hundred choices we are suppose to buy . Each of them offer us the best skin or the smoothest hair after using them . We tend though to be buy a product we are most familiar with . There two way we are getting familiar with a product . the far most common way of becoming familiar with a product is to use it , if we are satisfied with it , in our example it is the fictional shower-gel `` AWE '' . We have been using AWE now for month already and got used to buying it at the store with out contemplating in front of the shelf . Now the second waz of getting familiar with a product is coming into play . The only way we might leave our satisfying product AWE is if we get familiar with another product , and this is where advatising is coming handy for companies . While we see ads on billbords and in TV we are getting familiar with it and to go and buy the product we have to think that is better then AWE , so adversiements make us think it is better , so we buy it . I agree with this custom to an extend .
(GER,high) Generally speaking , the purpose of an academic education is twofold . Firstly , it prepares students for the labor market in a particular area . Since most students pursue careers outside academia , this is not a trivial purpose . Secondly , it should prepare students to conduct effective research applying the state of the art research methodology . Thus , both purposes of academic education should be taken into account when discussing this subject . In effect , a broader knowledge of many subjects will necessarily require students to focus on the broader concepts instead of the details . On the other hand , studying subjects more in depth will allow a student to absorb a significantly higher amount of detail , at the expense of knowledge outside the area of specialization . It has often been argued that such in-depth knowledge of a subject area and its details is not beneficial , because of a phenomenon colloquially called `` brain overflow '' . As we acquire new details , we forget the details we have learned in the past . However , research has shown that the brain is not a container with a fixed size that can only contain a limited amount of knowledge . Rather , the process of learning and remembering itself expands the capacity of the brain . Thus , there is no clear cut limit to the amount any one person can learn and remember . Looking at the labor market implications of this issue , it is important to note that especially in knowledge based professional services , the degree of specialisation is increasing . Therefore , generalists tend to be in less demand than specialists that are able to cover one subject area in depth . Similarly , contrary to popular belief , it is still factual knowledge which allows people to put new information in context . Only those who have a sufficient amount of factual information and a thorough understanding of a subject will be able to process new information . On the other hand , most people would agree that while the exact limit of the brain 's capacity might be unknown , there must be some limit to the number of data one can remember . In earlier times intellectuals like J.W. Goethe had actually read all or almost all books published in the three main languages at that time . This is drastically different today . Since the knowledge in many academic subjects doubles every ten years or so , it is impossible to keep up with this pace by going into subject specific details . Scientists thus are condemned to become generalists to some extent . It is also important to understand that it is the very ability to learn that might be the most important result of an academic education . Acquiring the ability to quickly identify the most important questions and then to absorb new knowledge is more important than accumulating large amounts of `` dead data '' . It is not only the knowledge that differentiates graduates from non-graduates . It is also their ability to learn and process new knowledge faster . All this would favor a more general knowledge of many subjects . In addition to this , on today 's labor market , most jobs require constant adaptation to new developments . The speed with which we are able to adapt to new developments might therefor be more important than the mass of knowledge acquired in the past . I would therefore favor a stronger focus on general knowledge of many subjects rather than an in depth focus on one subject .
(JPN,low) I do n't think young people enoy life than older people do . It seem to be so , because younger people are energic and spirited than elder people , and the ranges of action they can do are wider than elder . That 's why elder people say `` the yourth enjoy their lif than us . '' However , I doubt young people is more enjoyed their life than elder people ? The first reason is that the the yourth impossible to escape from comming across the lot of ploblems . The ploblems are may be about friends , parents , future , and oneselfs . They do n't know how to handle them . They have to think over about ploblems , and expelience difficult situtation , and spend hardtime . And then , they finaly find the way of solution by oneself . This process need for growing to adult . And then , when they mature enough , they finally know how to enjoy the life accutually . Sometimes , the yourth enjoying themselves mean ecaping from uneasy . So it 's not real enjoy . Just discourse . And there is also money aspect . For exsample , I love music very much , and also desire to go the gig of the favorite artists . However when I was high school student , i never go the gig , just because Id did n't have enough money . But after entering University , I started to work as a ppirt time , and finaly could go the gig . That was wonderful expeliene . But still now , the times I could go the gig is limited . Because the capital is shortage . My friend who is already work as full-part time can go the gig whenever she wants . So thaI think elder people well know the solution way of difficults they encounter by expelience and have well finance . So , they afford to enjoy their life than the yourth .
(ITA,medium) I do n't agree with the statement because of many reasons . One reason could be the laziness of people . I think that many people like best moving by car than walking , because car is more comfortable and faster . Another reason could be that nowadays cars are safer than in the past so I suppose that in the future they will be even safer than now . Improvements in producing will permitt avoiding many dangers and incidents , for example using super advanced airbags and staff like that . Furthermore I can say that the increasement of population could be another good reason . I remember my grandfather 's stories about cars . He used to tell me that in the past not many people could afford a car so they were fewer than now . In our society many people can afford a car , also using strategies like leasing or renting . The population has expanded and migrated from the centre of big cities to the nearby towns , like countryside or small towns . More people now need a car to go to work in big cities or even in another city . Another important reason is the bad quality of the public transport . Often it is difficult to move from town to town using public transport because trains are delayed or the station is far from home . The subway also is not so efficient . Sometimes it is even unpleasent to use public transport because it is dirty , or broken in many ways . For all these reasons I think that in twenty years there will be more cars than today . I think that almost everyone thinks that driving a car is much more pleasent than taking a train . Population will continue to grow up , and in my opinion more people means more cars , with all its implications like traffic and pollution .
(TEL,high) There are huge number of advertisements that are being produced these days . In my opinion , these advertisements highlight the qualities of a product , explain why we need to buy their product and give us an idea of how they are beneficial over other products of similar qualities . Advertisements provide us with the facts . They show us what the products really are . Firstly , advertisements provide us the qualities or the features of a particular product . They try to convince a consumer by providing all the information about their product . For example , conside adevrtsing cereals . An advertisement about a cereal would give us information about the percentage of calories , calcium or other vitamins that people gain because of that cereal . The advertisement is not exaggerating anything about the percentage . They are all facts and we can get the information on the cereal box . The advertisers cannot lie about such information . Second , almost every advertisement explains why we need to buy a particular product . After all , that is the purpose of an advertisement . They give us significant details about the background of their product . For example , an advertisement about an intel pentium processor IV makes us realise that we need an efficient processor to run our computer programs . They tell us about the nano technology and how it has been incorporated into their product to make it more efficient than other processors . This seems to be overwhelming to a buyer . However , they need to know what is going on with the product that they are about to purchase . Moreover , a lot of advertisements compare their product with other products of similar kind . This is only to show how their products are far better than the other products . In conclusion , I think that advertisements only show the best qualities of their product . They do n't make up anything to make their products seem much better than they really are .
(FRE,high) `In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . ` I do n't agree with this statement for many reasons . The first one is that there is an important car culture in most of our societies today . The second one is the development of new technologies which will have a big impact on the use of cars . First , the car culture is something very developed today . In many societies , the car is the symbol of many things . For example , on the social aspect , it 's really important to own a car . The more it 's big and expensive , the more you show your high social status . Moreover , for teenagers , the first car is very important : you want to show everybody that you know how to drive , that you have a car , ... In fact , you just want to show that you are becoming an adult . Another reason of this car culture is that taking your car is really easier than taking any other means of transport . You can take it when you want and you do n't fear to be late . Moreover , many cities do n't have enough effective means of transport such as buses or subways and you are obligated to take your car . The second reason why I would never agree with this statement is the development of new technologies . First , new health technologies allow people to live better and later than before . That 's a reason why the population is going to grow rapidly and own more cars . Moreover , some countries are also growing economically so that their population will bewcome wealthier and will be able to afford a car . Another fact is that there is beginning to have a lack in the petroleum resources of the earth . However , with the development of new renewable sources of energies to make the cars functionning , it will not lead to a decreasing of the number of cars . These are the reasons why I do n't think that there will be fewer cars in twenty years than today . However , I hope this statement will become true because the problem of the pollution has to be taken seriously . In the bottom line , I would say that , if we do n't find solutions quickly to this problem , this statement will never be true and this will very harmful for our planet .
(ARA,medium) Transportation is very imoprtant these days and no body can live and make mony with out it . using cars is very effectve and relayable for intown transportations , but these days using cars is becoming harder and harder because of many resons on of them is the increasing in gass value and its becoming mor expensive than before thats why using a car will be wery expensive and some people will prefare using public trasportations like buss and trains , and the other seaon why using car is beng harder is the waste of time in trafic jams , farther more people now care more than ever in the enviroment and many of them can gif alot saving it from polution . in twenty years i think that things will get more complecated ans goverments will do what thay can do to save plnit earth from any thing that may be harm full to the contry . in the other hand in twety ears comunnication technoleges will be improved , so many people may do ther works online and students may not have to go to schools each morning but they could get the classes on line too . in twenty years no body know how markets wold be . you may have the chance to buy any thing online and get it shept to your houes door so you wont have to . There are many factors to reduce the nomber of cars as long as cars are expensive and not nisisory
(ITA,medium) I think that the stament present two very different point of view and both of them have advantages and drawbacks . If you have a broad knowledge in many areas you can make a lot of connections from a topic to another and you can speaks with a lot of people about a lot of subjects . You can have a general visions of the world and of the life but on the other hand you do n't have specialization in one of this topic . You only know the first floor of the things not others floor . In some cases you should request an help from an expert in order to resolve a problem in the best way . If you specialized in one specific subject you can know all about this in other words you are an `` expert '' in your field . I think that in this specialization there are two drawbacks : the first should be that you can not see the relathionship between this object and the rest of the world and the second that you know anything about the other academic subjects . I think that it is very difficult say what it is right and what It is wrong , every people should understand what is better for him and for his specific case . I think that it depends also from the job of anyone . I make an example in order to clarify my statement : a scientist that works in a laboratory must have a specific preparation on his work and on the other hand a politic or a general manager should have a general vision of the world or the company . So I know that in my essay I do n't answer to the question if I agree or not with the statement but for me It is very hard make a conclusion and say what it is the best one .
(SPA,high) Succesful people are always improving new activities and skills in order to experiment different things and feelings that could help to their goals or enterprise , usually they prefer to do unusual and uncommon activities . Instead the other ones that are doing the same activity all the time and never will know if they are better in other one or if there is something else that they could do and learn . When you are looking for new topics , you are always interested in researching , learning and actuallize your knowledge . You allways want to know what is behind . Because of this acttitude , many other succesful people in different careers ( writters , politics , singers , scientist , etc ) get their achievements . The experts argue that one of the successful key is to be a curious person , and a good example that it 's true , is that the most important inventors and scientists in the world ( Einstein , Bell , Cristobal Colon ) achieved their goals because they tried to discover and explain things or facts that the normal people considered common or impossible , so they did n't worry about them . Of course at the beginning , the process to explore new things is difficult and long , sometimes you have to try with a lot of things and spend so much time before find what really do you want to do or your vocation . The most important aspect is not to try just for try , or not to take a risk just for take it , you have to establish an object and work hardly for it . Because in the way that you know where are you going , the more quickly and the more sure you 'll achieve your goals . There are some other cases , when the pople are absolutely sure that whatever they are doing is the best thing that they could , and they do n't bother to proove anything else and the have success in that way too . It 's not a bad acttitude at all , because it demostrates confidence and strong-willed in yourself , but all extreme position is nocive . It 's better to be an open minded person , define your life 's goal in , work for it and try different options in order to look for the best .
(CHI,medium) The numbers of car of different big cities are very high today , especailly in some rich coutries , for example , USA , the number is incredible --------- every person at least has one car in home . The abundant numbers actually creat a lot of problems to their city and the world . All this problems will finally force us to use fewer cars . Therefore , I agree there will be fewer cars in tewnty years later . The traffic problem The traffic problem is actually the most important reason the accerate the fall of number of cars . Traffic jam can serious attack the econmys . It can affect the run of economic system . For example , the traffic jam can delay convey of goods of different industries , it can lower the productivity of the whole economy , Since that , different government of big cities will tightly control the number of cars . To duel with the traffic problem , government will encourage people to use the massive transportation , just like the underway , and discourage people to use and buy private cars . The engergy problem . The fossil fuel is runing out quickly in these years . The amount of the fuel actually cannot afford our increasing consumption of them . This inadequate amount of fuel force us to use less cars . It is easy to understand . If the population keep on increasing , the demand for the fuel will also increase , so the price of fuel will rise . In the field of economics , according the law of demand ----- the higher the price , the lower the quantity demanded ---- , the rise of price of fuel will finally decrease the use of private cars indirectly . That 's also why i agree with the topic The pollution problem The cars actually release a large amount of pollutants , for eg , carbon dioxide . In recent years , all those pollutants have been proved that it would seriously affect our health . Therefore , more and more people are concerned this and they try to reduce the use the private in order to save the world and ourselves
(TUR,high) CAR AS AN OBJECT OF DESIRE I would really wish this stament would turn out to be true but I do not think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Even though there is incredible technologic progressions occur in transportation , sociologic researches have shown us that a car is more than an instrument of transportation . It is an indicator of a social status . Although the developping technologies are making our lives more comfortable , still people have cravings for objects of desires , objects of self-satisfaction ; such as cars . It is true that the public transportation devises are improving in each passing day . I remeneber one it was impossible to imagine a train passing through a tunnel which is under the sea . By this invention now people who live in Paris can work in London . However when we speak of the transportation within a city , people insist on driving their own cars no matter how disastrous the traffic jam could get in morning hours when everybody is rushing to work . They get in their cars , usually one car for one person , and they prefer To be isolated from public in this safe but burdensome ride with all the traffic jam . I believe this is an egoistic attitude because preffering the public transportation would solve a lot of problems , especially the traffic jam . As I said before the people are stubborn and rigid on not giving up their cars in the sake of the improvement of the traffic conditions . They are concerned about their cars because cars have a significant symbol which underlines the social status of a person . Maybe this is a specific case for Turkey ' in fact for Istanbul , I am not sure . The parking is also another huge problem here . There are more private parking lots ( parking lot mafia we call it beacuse they make a lot of money ) than natural parks . Every space is considered a parking lot . The parking lots are like galleries in specific places of Istanbul . The vallets arrange them in an order where the most expensive cars are displayed with great care . In that way the owner of the car is also happy and tips the man more . When the situation is like that who would give up their cars ? In fact , by the developping technologies new and more luxury cars are produced in each day . Advertising companies emphasize the need to change your car to a more advanced model if you really wish to maintain your social status . You need to be updated . Who would give up these objects that we fetished ? No way ... In conclusion , I do not think that the number os the cars in use are going to decrease in twenty years . In fact the demand for luxury cars are going to rise . The use of public transportation devises are going to decline so the problems concerning traffic jam and parking spaces are not going to be solved beacuse a car is more than what it is used for . It has a whole fancy myth behind it to which we are all attracted unconsciously .
(FRE,high) Today , cars are an important object of our life , it has become one of the bases of our life and a great means of transportation . It is also a symbol of freedom and independance for both young and older people . But with the progressive disparition of crude oil , we could wonder how it will be in 20 years . To answer this question , I will see in a first part that there are no signs showing a decrease of cars in use and in a second part that there will even be an increase of cars in use but different cars . Fisrt of all , I do n't think that there will be fewer cars in use in 20 years , I mean 20 years , it is nearly tomorrow ; the situation cannot change so fast . Nowaday , we are in a mass consumption society , which consommates a lot of all materials objects and especially cars . A statistic have be done and shows that cars are not a familiiy object anymore but are now an individual good , so it proves the increase of cars bought . Moreover , in 20 years there wo n't be other means of transportation as developped as the car is nowaday . there will be new cars but still at their bgin . Today the scientistic research cannot propose a means of replacement to the car . At the contrary , I think that the number of cars in use will still increase for some decades , but it wo n't be the same cars that we have today . Everybody knows that there are less and less oil in the reserves , that pits are going to be empty in some decades and that the price of crude oil is always and steadily increasing . But all this facts do n't mean the end , the death of cars . It only shows that we need new sources of energies and new ressources , such as water , sun , vegetal elements . We are only mooving to a new type of car , a new age . Today , there are already test which are made for new cars but it is not developped enougn to be sell and use . There are some prototypes of cars using water as energies but it is still a begin . To sum up , I do n't agree with this statememt ; at the contrary , I think that there will be more cars in 20 years that there are today . There will certainly be less cars using crude oil but more and more cars using new energies
(SPA,high) Age is not what determines to what extent we enjoy life , it is our attitude and our choices towards the enjooyments and difficulties we face along the way . Some of the youthfoul of today think they enjoy life alot more than older people . This is because they are entering a new stage in their lives were independence and fulfillment rules thier chioces . They feel they have all the power in the world and what is worst they feel inmortal . However it is not this two factors or the overwhelment of emotions that will decide how they want to enjoy life at its fullest , it is their own attitude . A girl that just finished highschool , has all her strength to enjoy the years to come and to achieve her goals , but what if she makes the wrong choices and decides to let her college education pass by and ends up working as a receptionist instead of that mechatronic engineer she wanted to be . Her whole life was marked by this mediocre attitude . Instead a girl who has her mind always on track and fights for what she wants , letting go of the common momentary human enjoyments and working towards a rewarding end , will find the obstacles on her road an enjoyment as she defeats them . This same situation happens with older people . They think that `` youthfoulness is uselessly spent on the youthfoul '' . An old rich lawyer may often complain about her deteriorating situation an say that if she could turn back time they would do things differenty , make other choices or aim at higher goals . The truth is that these inconformity is due , again , by the attitude and the wrong choices she displayed along her life . On the other hand we also have men and wome who have faced maturity with a smile on their faces . The experiences rich in their minds were achived thanks to their positive and proactive attitude towards life in general . So , personally I do n't think that something you have no control of , such as age , can determine to what point you enjoy life . Life may be enjoyed by a sick 80 year old farmer as well as by a healthy 17 year old waiting at the doors of destiny . We define how to enjoy life and what it has to offer with our character .
(JPN,low) I agree that it is important for student to understand ideas and concepts for several reasons . First , it is good to understand the ideas and concepts . Because if they understand ideas and concepts , they can study more easy , and they are might interested in the ideas and concepts . For example , when I studied at school , my teacher did not teach ideas and concepts . Therefore , I was always comfused about it , and I did not understand what they want to say or what they want to teach us . Therefore , I think they should teach ideas and concepts . Second , if they understand it , they can say their opinion about these . I think that it is connect with develope about ideas and concepts . If they can say opinion and the opinion is good or useful , it is good to develope these . And it is goodfor students to practice saying opinion . Third , if they understand ideas and concepts , it is might useful in their future . If they do not understand ideas and concepts , they are not interested in these , and they think they do not want to use in future . I think if they know ideas and concepts , they are going to want to learn more or they want to know fact . If teacher want student learn more , I think it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
(KOR,medium) People ofthen says that young people can enjoy life more than older people do . It is evident that older people often regrets their life and they want repeat their young ages . So , in my opinion , older people could not enjoy their life because their energy or enthusiasm is frustrated and they have a large burdens . It is widely accepted that younger people have more energy than older people . From my experience , my grandfather was an athletes . He always energitic and proud of his accomplishment . In addition , he enjoys active hobbies , such as hiking . Doing hike , my grandfather could enjoy his life and have the sense of accivement . However , after he resigned , although he could have much times to enjoy lifemore than ever , he could n't hike which demands much energy . He always complains his health problems and weakness . Sometime , he says that I should do everything I want , when I am still younger . On top of that , younger people have less responsibility . As persons ages , there are more responcibles that they have to , such as marriages , working , raising , etc . To be specific , my older brother who maraged man with two beautiful babies . He is always busy because he shoud earn much money for their family . Unfortunately , he never rests his weekends . When I told my travel plan that took two months , he envies me , since he could not that . I do n't have to worry about practical things , I can enjoy my life than my older brother . To summary , I strongly believe that younger people have more enjoyment than older people do . Of course , I concede that older people could have more meaningful life because their experiences and wisdoms . However , It is certain that younger people could attempt many things because of their energy , also , they could enjoy life since they have less responcibility .
(GER,high) Most of us feel overwhelmed by advertisement every day . We see it everywhere in town , even along the highways . Many people do not like it because it seems penetrant and unhonest to them . But is it really trying only to fool consumers ? Advertisement is information , first of all , it informs us about a new product . And it is a comfort and easy way to get to know what 's new on the market . And no one can force anybody to buy the thing . In many countries there are rules for companies - they are not allowed to advertize something by lying about it . But it is evident that limits are not clear , when does suggestion end and lying start ? If a perfume company engages a model to tell the consumers that she or he feels attractive and irresistable by using the perfume this might be true . There is no guarantee that the consumer will feel the same but it is suggested . Advertisment wants to attract people by promising them a great and wonderful product that will change their lives . Rationally thought it is clear that not every new hamburger , perfume or shaver will change our lives . But advertisement tries to attract the inconscient parts of the brain . We often do not think about it rationally and long time . Many companies promise the potential consumers to fulfil their deepest wishes - if they just buy the product they will be beautiful , intelligent and loved . I think that most advertisements definitely make products seem better than they really are and I think that many or most of the suggestions made by advertisements cannot be fulfilled . So it is necessary to handle advertisemant with a certain attention and prudency . I also like being informed about new products but it is essential to think about its real use . Of course companies try to influence people only because they want to make profit but on the other hand it 's the people 's decision to buy their product or not .
(ITA,medium) Today for the succesfull of a product to make advertisements it is necessarily . Becouse a lot of products are same for caractheristics and price and will become the best that with the better advertisements . For this reason in a big company but even in a small company there is a group of people that they study the way to obtain the best advertisement . Some time there are even advertisements no true . In particular on the tv there are a lot of advertisements to make products seem much better then thay really are . Using the tv it is more easy for a company to show a product very nice . For example if you put a car in an advertisement with a nice girl , it is more easy that people want to buy the car . As far as i am concerned it is no correct to make products seem much better than they really are , but this is the law of the busuness . In this way a company can have some advantages and some disadvantages . With this kind of advertisement a factory can send more products , but after the first time the custumers understand that the quality of the product is not so nice and thay will not buy the product another time . I think the best way it is to make a correct advertisement without to tell something no true . It is important compair ours product with the product of an other company and to tell becouse ours product it is better . For example Infostrada and other pnone company use this kind of advertisements and they have a lot of succesful .
(ARA,low) I agree the idea about young people enjoy life mor than older people do . There are several reason why i think that . The first reaonson , the young people are not the responsability than older people . May be older people have children . All the people know that there is not easy to educate children . All the time he try to give a very good condition for life . The second reason , the young , her aims is to go to th the club , cinema with her girls friend etc ... and to get much experiences , so its very exited but the older people have passed this feeling . The thrrt reason , i think the most important moment fot the older people , when they were young . Because when you grow up , the difficulty of life incrase and also the responsability increase . In peculiar , when you have the children , you have a new situation and new life . All your past became souvenirs . I brief , of carse the young people enjoy life more than older people do because it is logicaly and i gave these reasons why i thinks that .
(TUR,medium) Traveling is a good way to have good time . Visiting different cities , cultures is great for improving yourself . Actually travelling is an art . Visiting beautiful places , learning important details about that places , meeting new people , all of these thing make a travel worthy . Because of these facts the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Traveling can be dangerous , if the traveler does not have enough information about the place he goes . With a tour guide there will not be any trouble . Tour guides know the places you should not go and the things you should avoid . A tour guide knows every important place and details about the visited place . They are trained for telling important details and some information , which you can not find in the books . Such like local gossips or new events . However if traveler travels alone , he will miss a lot of important thing . Meeting new people is a good part of vacation . If traveler travels with a group , she/he can make good friends . With a lot of different people , the travel would be much more interesting . Traveling with a group might seem like uncomfortable . Everyday traveler should be respect time schedules . This looks bad to some people . However with this planned trip , there would be no time for spending time by without doing anything . All in all , group traveling with a tour guide is the most effective way to making a trip without missing anything important . Moreover it is more secure and fun than traveling alone . Because of these reasons , traveling in a group led by a tour guide is a better way to travel .
(SPA,medium) Intelectual or practical what will be the best for us ? about if it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts that is for them to learn facts , i believe learn facts are more important than memorice and idea or a concept because about a fact you can develop and idea or a concept . When we want to develop or introduce an Idea or concept we have to demostrate we are in the right position with a fact , without a fact the idea doesnt works . For an example : In some forestal and agricultural schools the students learn making with their hands what they should learn , they go to the feels and work that is the way they learn , this is a very way to teach . another example : when we are kindergarden students the persons whos taking kare about us do not teach us first a concept , they teach us first how to make the thing . In ciences for scientisfhics or a manager in a bussines the facts are more importants than concepts , that doesnt mean that concepts can not help us , but all we learn at school be really helpful to us just in the time we use this in the real life . so that way i believe that facts are more important that concepts and ideas , because you can infer and idea because of a fact . How i believe that in some schools should be more practical , this way the ideas or concepts that the school or teacher want we learnd wont be so easy to forget , because with a fact we can remember and important idea , and another thing is having a fact in a class will be make us more interesting the compreention or even teachers can atract the students more than a regular class .
(KOR,medium) The understanding is the huge part of human ability . The history of human is related with it very closely . For example , the understanding of the value about a trading changed the whole structure of monetary system . It is obiously true that having a correct understanding is the begining point when people do something . Studying shold be started from a proper understanding about concept , because it indicates where students have to start the study and can be expressed the basic of learning . Having a good concept can guide students where they are . To understand is like a making basic structure of the building . If some students realize the concept of the problems , he/she can start to solve the problems with the understanding . If some one could not catch the concept , he/she will not solve the problems even if he/she is familiar with the problems . Understanding a concept helps to the students directly where they have to start the problems for solving it . Furthermore , it is a fundamental process in learning . when teacher starts their teaching , they try to explain about the concept first since they consider that students are not able to handle a problem without the basic concept . Altough they can get the fact directly , it will not helpful because students can not adjust the problems without concepts . In summary , to get a concept is more useful and madatory process of learning . by having a understanding about the problems , students will build their adjustbal ability and improve their studying skills . Also , it will gui
(ARA,high) Some people think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , i disagree , i think there will be more cars as cars are very succesful investment , it is very important way of transportation , and it is a wonderful tool to enjoy your life . First of all , cars are succesful investment , every one knows well that these factories that producing cars earn millions of dollars every year , these factories are in great competition with each others they do their best in order to produce unique , stylish cars in order to sell more and more cars and so earn more money , every year we find hundreds of new models from different countries , such a competetion is increasing every day and so cars increasing also . Another imporatant point is that cars is considered as one of the most imporant transportation , if you have your own car you could go to any place at any time taking your family members with you and it only costs you the price of gasoline , such a job would be so diffecult if you decide to use another way of transportation such as bus , taxi or train , it would cost you more time , money and more efforts , as a result car is considered as essential need nowadays and so it `` s number is markedly increasing . In addition to have a car means you could enjoy your time , you could out together with your friends and go to any interesting or exciting place . you could make a tour on your city , you can visit your friends whose houses are far away from yours , as car s are considered as a way of entertainment , it become a comon gift at these days , i cant deny that the most important gift i have ever received is the car i received from my father at my graduation day . I think in twenty years there will be more cars in use as factories produce more and more cars in order to earn more money , and as our need of cars is markedly increase either as a good way of transportation , or as a gift .
(GER,medium) The question whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to be specialized in one subject is a very interesting question because a good education is one of the most important things in our lifes . From my point of view , it is preferable to be specialized in one subject than having a broad knowledge in many academic subjects . I am on this opinion because of a few reasons . First of all , I think you have to be focussed on one specific subject in our society . If you are not good in your subject you would not earn much money . So you have to be very good in some kind of thing to get in a high position in a company . For example you have to be good in managing to get a job as a leading manager in a big company . So the more specific your knowledge the more money you will earn . Furthermore , I think that you should have one specific subject that you are keen in or which is your desire . To my mind , that is a natural thing . Every person has a desire in something . Some people like doing mathematics , whereas other people like doing biological research or like doing sport . So every student has a subject that he likes and that he is fascinated about . Therefore you should concentrate and focus on this specific subject . Lastly , what job will you enter if you have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects but you have not got any detailled knowledge ? What company is going to hire a student who has not got any specialized education ? What job title would be the best for this situation ? Therefore , it is better to have a specific education . To sum up , because of the mentioned aspects I think it is better to have one specific subject where you are an expert in rather than to have a broad knowledge of many subjects .
(ITA,high) I have been studying hard since I was a child and now I am about to graduate in electronical engineering . In my university path I chose the subjects I wanted to study and where I wanted to specialize in , so I surely think that it is better to acquire skills in one or few fields than to have a broad knowledge , mainly because you will never be able to have a culture so wide that covers all the subjects , and secondly since I am a pragmatic person and I would like to be expert in my field . Human culture covers a huge variety of topics and subjects so I firmly think that no one is able to build such a vast culture . In fact I think that even the smartest person of the world such as Einstein could not know everything . Moreover studying many topics can create confusion or problems to remember all the things you have tried to learn . According to my pragmatic attitude I greatly prefer to acquire skills in a peculiar topic or field in order to become an expert . Having a deep knowledge only in one field will help me to find a job that completely fits me and where I think I can contribute actively . In fact I think that everybody has to contribute to the benefits of society in which he/she lives and there is no better way to do that than focusing on one problem . In conclusion I absolutely disagree with the statement since I am trying to specialize in one particular field of elecronical engineering in order to become an expert . In fact I think that I will serve the society in which I live in a better way because focusing on one issue I will have many more possibilities to resolve it .
(GER,medium) In this essay , I will discuss , whether it is important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , or to favor Specialization . To my mind , specializing in one subject is an old-fashioned way of thinking and is not favorable nowadays . The main reason for that is the job situation of our modern society . In the generation of my parents it was common to study one topic , then get a job and being working in this job for their whole working life . Today , things have changed . Mostly because of economical means , the job situation is not that reliable as is once was . In the last decades , the frequency of hiring and firing employees has increased and is still increasing . The consequence of this development is that people often have to change jobs . The only way of surviving in this new circumstances is to be as flexible as one can be . If you now choose one special field to study , there will be no guarantee for you to find a job in this sector , especially not for your whole working life . Only if you are planning to do research after having finished your studies it might make sense to concentrate on a specific topic . To find new ideas and to really change the world you cannot study every possible subject in detail , because it is neither efficient nor manageable . But this is definitly not the most common case . And of course do companies like employees who are very well trained , but for you yourself it is important to remain flexible and to be able to learn new things , which will be necessary in the future working life . Studying should be a preparation for your life and the only way to accomodate your studies to the modern job situation is to do your studies with wide-spread interest .
(ITA,low) i 'm agree and i hope that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . today the use of car is more extended and ofthe it 's do n't have a real fundation . In fact , even is true that the lifestyle is more different by the lifestyle in the past century , even if people have more need and more activities to do , for exemple jobs , sports activities , social events ect .. , is also tru that more people would't have problem and private themselves of own confortability . For exemple analize a tipical family composed by five person , who are father , mather , first son of eighteen years an second soon of five years . in a family of five person , today is n't a surprise have four car ! Why ? One car for the father , he use own car to going job , and when he have finished to work he going at the gym . Another car is for the mammy , who use own car to going with the second sons to the school and then she will go to work . another car is for the first son , who have own car for own personal need , like going to the school , to the cinema or going to the gym . All of over said is possible with One car ! Maybe is necessary get up early in the morning and spend more time across the street , or in the traffic , but in this way you will have the opportunity to spend more time with own family , you can say a fact or an experience of day . Morover you can resolve a big problem of modern societies . The destruction of natural sistem . Is more important to save the development and the grow of the word , save and protect the nature by the smog and more other complex problem , suc as serra effect , sea polluted , air unbreath , ect . Reducing the number of car for each person , or using public trasportation , such as metro , bus or a lot of services wich you can use , you will reduce the traffic and so also the smog and you will have in the future more healthy for you and your family .
(GER,medium) In my opinion , it is important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . The first point of my argumentation is that you often do not know which subjects or topics you mainly prefer when you are interessted in many things . When you want get a broad knowledge you do n't have to chose early in which kind of direction you later get a job . Another point to support my opinion is , that when you later get a job you can work more flexible with the knowledge in more subjects . So , you can work not only in one part of a company . For example , when you are only studying economy you get probably a job in the bureau . But when you are studying english or any other foreign languages addictionally to economy , you probably work as a salesman or get a job in other countries too and not only in germany . And if your company needs specialists for some kinds of projects they are going to start , you can get less difficultly this knowledge by going to evening schools or something like that . It 's more difficult to expand your knowledge when you are specialized only in one subject . So you are not able to work in this project , because you need too much time to get more knowledge about a foreign subject . The most important reason why a broad knowledge is more important than to specialize in one subject is , that you more easily secure your job . When the company has to leave one complete part of the company and you probably are in it , you have no more chance to work for this company in the future . But with more qualifications you can still work in another section of your old company .
(SPA,medium) In my opinion you can be successful in a variety of ways , and as a result of different efforts . For instance you have the people that take many risks and innovate in the economy ; I think they are needed in the society and in the evolution of things , but they are not the only ones needed . In the other hand we have people that know how to do things and that stick to what they have learned in the process in order to be confident and efficient . Successful people that take risks are generally agressive in their way of reacting to changes in the market and sometimes they will innovate without reason . They wo n't stay in peace when things have changed , and furthermore they will make changes to the way of making business and to their sorroundings . This kind of person does n't rests and is always thinking of ways to improve the odds of making a good deal , as an effect they will push others in the field to innovate too in order to survive . There is no recipe for success , so to think that taking risks will help you assure that you will have success is totally wrong . When sometimes taking risks could help , sometimes it could make more damage than estimated . Certain kinds of persons have other characteristics that are important in the economy , those persons are the ones that stick to what they know and that are efficient in that way . This way of being gives them security and helps them to be efficient workers , confident of the way they react to the market and its changes . As a conclusion , there is market for everyone , and the different kinds of being are needed in the way
(SPA,medium) For centuries people have been developing ways to help other people . Nowadays society is concerned about helping people and every day is more common to find places where people can do some kind of social work , for example : charities shop , hospital and even there is some kind of comunity police . Young people have always been treated like a problem , because teenager deliquency is every day more popular . Some young people is worried about enviromental issues and some of them are worried about thir communities . However , a vast majority of young people do not concern about anything related with their own community , they show more interest in topics like enviroment , unemploy rates and animal rights . Goverments around the world are trying to find the way of doing that young people become in a dinamic part of the community . If they are involved in the community development they will not have any time to waste . Boredon could not be a reason for deliquency . Furthermore young people can improve their conditions and the community 's conditions . Everybody win wether everybody work together . As a young person I am spending some time helping old people . They need our help and if we can give them some help why do not do it ? In fact I belive that almost all of our problems are because people and young people do not want to do anything good for their community , they just want to spend all day doing nothing and this behaviour makes unproductive people . Deliquency rates and crime are slightly related with this problem . On the other hand young people do not realise that they some day will be old people , some day they will have their own children and they have to start to change the history if they want to live in a better place . Finally I think that the stament is true and nobody want to spend their time doing good things for th community . It is a real problem and if we do not find a good solution every day could be worst . Young people should be more conscious of this situation .
(HIN,medium) I am kind of disagree with this statement . I agree that to understand ideas and concept are important , but to learn facts are also important . By understanding ideas and concept student learn how facts take place . It is not just once you understand ideas , you do need to worry about how facts happen . For example , my professor explained the process of the earthquack . She briefly described each and every detail about it . Now i know how do earthquack happen , but what if i do not know the facts of it . How can i prove my concept about the earth quack , if i do not have the specific example . If i said that there are earthquack happen in indonesia , and explain these are the reasons this happen over there more often , then i support my statement . My fact support my concept and ideas . Happning of the earthquack in indonesia is a fact . I need to know it to understand my concept better . Facts are important in order to understand the concept . You can not say that fact does not worth it . Without fact no concept and no idea take place . Facts are the life of the concepts . One more example here is that countries in sourthern hemishphere have warmer climate and countries in northern hemisphere have cooler climete . How can i proove this statement ? I will give all my geographic reasons and explanation . How can I proove all my geographic reasons ? Now to have facts is important . If i say that United States is in Northern Hemishphere and that is why it is having cloor climate , and Shri Lanka is in Southern Hemisphere and that is why it is having warmar climate . This is the fact . My fact support my argument . Fact are important to proove your statement . You can not just state something and agree with it without giving specific reasons and examples . Basically , the facts are as important as concept and ideas . They both are equal . None of them is more important than the other .
(TUR,medium) I can see both advantages and disadvantages to try new things and take risk for being successful . You can whether choose stability and use traditional ways and avoid risk or try new ways and take risk for being successful . I definetely believe that people should try new things and take risk for being succesful . If you do everything with a routine that means you know the results . For example if a farmer use traditional ways for agriculture , he can guess how much crops he will get . He can avoid risks by doing that . But it is not a creative way and it is obvious that he wo n't be successful . He will get as same amount crop as next year . The point I am trying to make is , that is not a vakid way for being a suscussful person . On the other hand he could try different ways in order to get much crop which means taking risk for success . In my opinion , successful people try new things and take risks . For instance , if the farmer try a new agriculturel way which is not experienced before he can get a different amount of crops . he could get whether '' less or much '' but the point is he can be successful by taking that risk . I already know that lots of successful people in business area tried new things and figure out new ways . That is the main reason of their success . For instance a very well known newspaper owner was just a writer in a newspaper . He decided take risk , he resinsged and established a local newspaper and then he made it success . And we all know that newspaper owner today . To sum up , I always experienced that successful people take risks . They try new ways instead of only doing what they already know . They take risk for being successful .
(ITA,medium) As far as I am concerned , I belive that understanding one onother is a priority so pay more attention to ideas and concept would be an excellent opportunity to augment one 's own personality and also widen your personal horizons . It is my view that ideas and concepts are an important aspect of our lives ... how can we say if something is good or bad , true or false if we have no ideas on what is bad like or true is like ? Also I can say that is impossible bake a cake if you have no ideas or you do not know the ingredients or the procedures but you have just seen your mother baking it . Completely unpretentious it is clear that ideas are something basic for our style of life . Also in the past they were considered very important aspects , infact only seeing the positions that were occupied by the philosophers in the Ancient Greece or Rome it is obvious that if you have good ideas and concepts you are bound to be successful and are also important for the meankind . During my scholastic experience I studied philosophy and phsychology and I have understood that ideas are ALSO SOMETHING IMPORTANT FOR OUR SEL-CONFIDENCE . If you are doing something and you know that is good you will be more determined and tenacious and probably you would do it better . Also youn children always said `` my mother told me to not do this '' and I think that this is obvious an idea , a concept not a fact .. For exemple , if a teacher is doing an exercise and she committe a mistake we can learn something-how to not committe the mistake - but not to do the exercise correct because you need a particular ideas that all
(KOR,medium) The eggs and the chickins , which one comes first ? This is one of the most frequently asked question to represent a complex matters and hard to find answer . Understanding ideas and concepts is an important aspects of in learning processes and serve as foundations for future learning . However , I do not agree that understang ideas and concenpts is more important than learning facts for students . I do not think there is a royal road in learning process . The learning processes depend on situations . Sometiems , learning the facts first gives better chance to have students understand the ideas and concepts . For example , in a class of lower grades elimentry school , if one explane what is the pH-the acidity of solution , of solutions in terms of chemistry and how to calculate the pH values , kids could easily lost from the subject . In stead , if one tell a simple mean of pH of solutions and begin to expore what are the pH of common solutions from our surroundings , it could drow more attentions and curiosities from young students . Then , students become more interested in pH of solutions and move onto deeper to how to calculate the pH value and chemical concept of acidity and basic of solutions . On the other hands , certain cases , we need to have a good undeerstanding of fundermentals before we
(GER,medium) Nowadays mostly people say that young people enjoy life more than older people do . I totally disagree with this statement . There are three reasons why I have this preference . For one thing people who are young have to spent their time with working and learning in order to get a job in the future . I am student . I have to study the whole day . And when I have finished my semester I have to work at a shipping company in order to get money . I have so much work and I have totally no time at all to see my friends . Only a few times I try to go out to enjoy my life . Furthermore many young people are in concern about their future . In consequence they do not enjoy life . There is a great competition surrounding the young people . Many of them have no work , they do not get a traineeshipment or they are not admitted on a university . I have to reach 90 points in the toefl test otherwise I will be exmatriukulated . If I fail I have to find out another way how to earn money in the future . I am really frightened about this case . A next point is , that I have not as much money as the older people have . I get only some money from the company at which I work within my free time . Because I do not work full time I get less money . From this money I have to pay my appartment , the university fee , the ticket for the train and I need money for food and clothes . There is no further money which I can spend for fun like for holiday trips . In conclusion you can see that young people do not enjoy their life as many people do believe . The majority have to spent their time on working and learning , they are more in concern about their future and as result they less enjoy life . Finally they have less money which they could spend for having fun . Only when you are old and you have reached something wthin your life you will really enjoy life .
(ARA,low) So many descotion is trying to prove rather understand ideas and concepts or learning facts is more inportant for the student . frome my point of veiw , understanding ideas nad concepts is more important for the student . using the fact in the right way , finding the nessery facts , and the coplex for the understanding are the reasons that I choose it . The way to use the facts is the first reason that is imoprtant in this subject . If some body have the information that he or she need to coplete the job but do n't know how to use it , the information will be worthless . As an exaanple for this situation , if a man have a car but he do n't know how to drive , the car wo n't be a binificul for him . Along with the method of using the facts , using the proprate information or facts is inportant , too . After leaning the way to use the facts , which information that we need will be the second step . Having the information and Knowing how to use it , but do n't know which one to use is another proplem . Finally , to understand somthing you need someone to teach you or you need to spend a long time to lean it while the fact is much easier to learn . For the time that you are going to spend and mayby the nony understanding became much inp
(GER,medium) The following texts deals with the question whether it is the best way to travel with a tour guide . Traveling with a guide has many advantages over traveling without guidance . A tour guide knows the area well and therefore , will guide the tourist to the most remarkable and worthwhile spots of a city . Commonly the guide is familar with the historical backgroud of the area , and will be able to explain the landmarks and the development of a metropole . Besides the well-known highlights , a guide will also be aware of secret spots and so , allow the tourist to be intoduced into the side of an area that is out of the spot light . That will not only show an often charming and different side of a city , but also completes the big picture . In addition to that , guided explorations are safer since the a person who is familiar with the area will also know the unsafe places where it is not recommended to go . On the other hand , traveling without a guide is more of an adventure . It is up to the traveling group to explore the city and to find both , the landmarks and the secret spots . The travellers are more likely to get in touch with locals since they are not as isolated from the `` normal crowd '' within a group of guided tourists . I also believe that traveller will experience a trip differently , if it is not organized perfectly by a guide . The travelling persons can set their own pace and adjust the amout of daily explorations to their actual ability to concentrate which makes a trip less exhausting and more pleasant . I summery , I believe that travelling without a guide is is the better way to explore a city .
(SPA,high) Advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . In our twentieth century world , money is one of the biggest issues for most people . When companies create a product , they want to get to as many people as they can , so they use advertisements on television , magazines , and even the internet in orther to announce their product . Since companies compete with each other to sell the most products , they have to show people how their products is the best . Therefore , they use techniques that glorify their products so customers are persuated to buy them . One technique companies use are subliminal messages . In the commercials , the companies advertise their product close to something that makes people feel good , such as a nice beach , or a good looking female . When a person looks at the advertisement , he/she sees the product as better than it actually is , and is therefore persuated into buying the product . For example , Victoria Secret , the famous underwear brand for females , uses good looking women in their commercials to make other women think that this product will look as good on them . Companies also over-advertise , so their product gets stuck on people 's minds and when the time comes to make a decision in what to buy , the customer remembers the adverisement and buys the product . Advertisements can also make products more appealing than they are by adding special effects . This technique is used specially on food products ; for example , Chili 's , the restaurant , does commercials on burgers and their food , where they put special paint and shiny effects , so that their food is seen as perfect . They sometimes even use fake artifacts to make their product seem better than it really is . In conclusion , companies want to advertise their products to the public in the best way possible to they associate their products with things that are not part of the product . They mislead customers into buying something that is ultimately worse than what the company advertised .
(HIN,high) Trying new things and taking risks are two very important factors to succeed in life . To begin with , trying new things actually gives a person a chance to find out what exactly is the person good at and where does his interest lie . I feel its very important to do something in life which interests you and excites you . This always drives you to give your best in whatever you are pursuing . One who doesnt try different things in all probability will be doing the same thing throughout his life and may be in the later years it will be more for the sake of doing it and not because he enjoys it . Sachin Tendulkar , world famous cricketer is a tenth grade drop out !! He did make an effort to study but that never interested him and he had family to support him and who encouraged him to follow his dream rather than following the conventional model of keeping the studies at priority instead of sports or music . But at that point of time Sachin Tendulkar and his family did take a risk and did something uncoventional and today he 's one of the most influential persons in the world !! Another thing which is worth mentioning is , that once people become successful they are in a better position to take risk because of strong financial , social and political support . eg a famous industrialist who has his business in IT sector can think of venturing into health care industry which is poles apart from his expertise . But , with the right planning , organisation and support he can do wonders and expand his business into alltogether different field . So , I strongly feel that having the courage to try different things in life and taking risk can lead one towards success and with success comes the liberty and ease with which one can further take risks and succeed to greater heights in life .
(TEL,high) `` JACK OF ALL BUT MASTER OF NONE '' is the saying that is used to convey the meaning of the statement . I do agree that we go to have a knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one . The reason for this is the current world needs flexibility i.e it not necessary that you master a single subject but you must know the concepts of different subjects . Moreover there is no subject that is self contained , every subject has got some co-relation with others forexample physics has got maths into it biology has got physics principles into it so are the others . A student needs to be well verse with the basics of many subjects , for the practical problems that he faces are not confined to a single subject . What would be the use if you master physics principles and cannot solve a practical physics problem given with equations ? Thats where you got to to apply maths . The child would observe his surroundings in a broader perspective if he is exposed to different subjects . He can understand every law that governs different situations in this world . Broad knowledge on all the subjects would give a wide scope of building up intrest while specialization would be rather boring to study . As flexibility is needed to survive in this world we must have a broad knowledge of subjects because if there arises a situation where the principle of the subject you master fail so its mandatory that you make a transition . If you lack knowledge on other subjects then you would perish in the situation . Aother practical example is a child who has mastered in computer science would confine himself to the computer there would be no other world beyond it . If the computer crashes down due to some faliure for instance due to power faliure in his house he would have no other option to call up the board to rectify the minor problem . In contrast if he has got the knowledge about electrical principles he would be rectifying it all by himself there by saving his money and time . This is the reason why educational institutions have been teaching their students various subjects so as to have an all round development in different fields of the student .
(ITA,medium) I agree with the statement that `` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' . As we can see in the everyday life there is a decresing amount of space to get around with cars . Parking it is becaming a real challenge , and the frustration that builds everyday is assuming very big proportions . The statistics showed that in twenty years the population of the world will be at about six billions . Right now we are only four billions . What that means is that the level of pollution of the air it will be unlivible for any human kind . The space available per person will decrease and the drivers will have an increase in anger . Unfortunately we are able to see that in Indonesia right now . Their problem is that everybody uses a car . Therefore , living in a confined country , with an increasing population does n't allow a sanitary and better life . So , to avoid this problem , we should decrease the number of cars by simply applying to few rules . First of all , we should make a law that forbids people to drive by themselfes . What i mean is that cars should be considered for a minimum of four people . If that does n't happen the owner of the car should n't be allowed to drive , penalty a tiket or worse . Then the community should make available more community rides like buses or any other vehicle that hold more people than a car . Doing so , we should be able to decrease the number of cars , the pollution of the air , the gas consumption , that nowdays is reaching incredible prices and we should be able to decrease the frustration and anger of everybody . In the meanwhile , another good thing that could be done is allow the circulation only to the vehicles that have a gpl or a methane implant . That does n't decrease the number of cars in circulation , but at least decrease the air pollution .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the points that understanding ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts . Some people more concentrated to the ideas and concepts when they learn about new things and they think learning is done , but there are most important facts what we learn about . For example , I just start to attend at a church and start learning about Bible . If I just study about what God says and meaning of the word , I do n't think I can learn about God and what is more important , and also it will be difficult to have strong believeness . Without learning facts just understaing the ieads and concepts are useless and after a certain time we will forget what what we was learning . For example , when we learn about our history , if we just concentrated the concepts and ideas in the subject , we never learn about our curture and our emotions . When we are reading a newspaper and if we just read about ideas , we can not see what is important effects or the facts what the article want to teach us or what is the reasons that this matter have to be in the newpaper . When we learn a second language in school , if we learn about just vocabulary and grammars in that language , We do not have good reasons to learn the language , we should be spaking to the other people in this language , that is most important fact that we should learn about new things . If we can not speak to other people in the language it is useless at As a results , learning about facts and understand the points is most important than just understanding ideas and concepts .
(SPA,medium) I agree with the statement : I believe that in some years there will be fewer cars in use than today . I think that there are a lot of reasons to support this statement . I accept that cars are really necesary and important . It is difficult to imagine a week without car : some people need it to work with it , other need it to go to work , shopping , travelling , etc . Furthermore , some cars are important tools for different public agents , like police , firemen , abulance drivers , bus drivers , etc . Cars give to the society a lot of important services , including enjoying free time or working every day . But , on the other hand , cars have a very important defect that makes me think that in the future there will be fewer cars . They deppend on an expensive and harmful material : petroleum . The reserves of this fluid are fewer every year . Furthermore , every day is harder and more expensive to acces to the rest of the reserves , and more money is needed in orther to obtain it . Therefore , I believe that this fact will make gasoline and diesel more expensive every day , and this will be the first reason for a reduction of the actual quantity of cars running on the streets . The expensiver the petroleum is , the lower quantity of people who can acces to a car and it cost of operation . Moreover , there is another good reason for this statement : the pollution . Burning of gasoline produces a lot of toxic and potentially dangerous substances . If you take a look to the sky in a big city , you will find a brown cloud of pollution . We breath this every day . I believe that people will have more health problems in the future because of this toxic substances . The goverments have began to try to control this emissions , and one of the steps is to reduce the amount of cars on the streets . Another reason that I mantain is that people is concerned about the importance of doing research in this field . I believe in technology . And furthermore , there are another different ways to go form one side to another . For instance , bicicle or little motorbikes are more efficient and cheap . To summarize , I agree with the statement . I believe that the actual situation is becoming quite difficult , with huge traffic jams and health problems . And I think that the first step to solve this situation is to reduce the amount of cars on the streets .
(FRE,high) Cars are one of the numerous examples of the human being 's ability to always have a more practical life . They are part of technology progress that enhanced or facilitated our lives , and that become more and more complex and numerous . But will this phenomenon continue in the future ? In my opinion , there will be more and more cars in the future . This is the result from the incredible technological progress that we witnessed since the second world war . Indeed , century ago , the car appeared with limited capacities . Nowadays , thanks to business and technology , we can watch a movie inside our cars , we are more protrected than ever with all the security systems that virtually every car has ( ABS , airbags ) . In addition , the car has become a major way of moving , since many people use it to go to work . And since cities are growing , and developing countries will enter in their industrialization phases , there will be more cars . In my mind , there will be more cars within twenty years due to the development of emerging countries . In rich and industrialized countries , the car is a thing without which we cannot live anymore . You need a car to work , to travel , to go to vacations for instance . The developing countries tend to evolve like the rich countries . As the society has changed in those latter , societies of developing countries such as China is changing also . It is evolving towards a more consumption-oriented society , where merely everyone possesses a car . Therefore , the numbers of cars should increase . On the other hand , the environmental issues have forced us to be careful of what we produce and how we use our environment . It becomes more and more important to protect the environment so that we will not face dramatical events in the future . Since the pollution mainly contribute to the ecological alteration , from now on the emphasize is made on the protection of this environment , or at least the reduction of factors that worsen it . Thus , there may be limitations as for the use of the cars and for other pollutent . In conclusion , I think that there will be more cars in use in the future . It is the logical result of technology and industry progress . Most of the people use a car , but it has become a comfort more than a need . But I also think that there should be less car inasmuch as the environmental issues are becoming a real problem for us and for the future generations .
(HIN,medium) Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I am disagree with the statement . Generalization of young people absence in helping communities cannot be made . Community is a group of people who live together and share some commen base and solve problems of each other . It can be a small residential community where the people live , or can be a hostel dormatory in which student lives , or can be a hospital or a university . With time , societies grows , and communites within the socities also changes . This changes may be due to modernization . young peoples are part of communites , and if one says , due to modernization , young peoples are not much involved in communities , this is a wrong interpretation of the situtation . Present conditions in society , has exposed young peoples to new challanges . They are getting bigger plateforms to develope their qualtites which are eventually helping the communities in more effective and innovative way . For example , there is a peasent boy , whose duty is to go with his father to the farm and grow crops . This definitly serves the community . but because of modern interaction and globalization , that illitrate peasent boy is exposed to new technology of agriculture , he will learn and improve his qualities . The learning might take time and may cease the direct involvement in the community in short , but in long run , being a educated talented farmer , he can give the time to the community by producting more effectively . Today we can see young people in various position in the community itself . They are leading manufactures , they are docters , they are engineers , and even in the univerisites , there is large enhancement in the young people taking teacihng as a social proffesion . All these facts show the enthusiam of young people is helping each community in both direct and indirect manner . Hence involvement of young people in communities has improved a lot in a effective manner .
(CHI,medium) I agree this satement . People always try to do the things they alredy know how to do well . But that cannot make people more creative or be more successful . If people do not try the new things how can they know their `` true '' ability . We can see lots of successful people talk about their experiments . If they always do the the things they know they can be the present them . Just as an actor , he cannot always preform the same style of movie . Therefore he can be styled by the auddience . The auddience will know that `` that is the limitation of his prefromance . If the person always do the same thing that he already can do well , he wo n't get any growth of himself . Because he wo n't know what 's wrong or where he shall change . Or what can make himself better . Sometimes , I would limited by this thoughts . I just want to do what I can do well . I have no confident to do the other things that I do not famliar with . By that way , I cannot learn other knowledge that I do not know . I think Japanese is the good example for the successful people or the race always try new things . They make lots of new products that can connect with life . And the company like `` 3M '' , the company make the product like `` Post-it '' . They try new things that the common people wo n't even think about . They make money by they can take risks . Before make the products , they wo n't know if everyone can adapt those products . But they want to try about it . They want to make new things that everybody do not see or hear before . That is way I agree about that successful people always try new things and take risks . Just because they can see the profits or commercials in it . If people not try new things , they will be limited by themselves . They cannot know where is their extreme .
(JPN,medium) I strongly agree that young people thesedays do not give enough time to help their communities . There are three main reasons that illustrate this trend . First and foremost , the number and the size of the community itself has dimminished . In the modern society , mobility of the people has increased and the oppotunities of the transfer because of changing job have rapidry increased . Therefore , the community is dimminishing so that there are few oppotunities for young people tto attend helping their communities . In adittion , young people are becoming more and more independent of their communities . Highly developed transportaions or telecommunications reduced the neccecity of the community . The dependence on the community increase the motive to contribute to the community . Therefore , the less young people depend on their communities , the less they want to help their communities . Last but not least , developing social welfare are taking place of the help of young people in the community . Some decades ago , to help the elderly or the poor in each community , the help of young and tough people was vital . However , in the modern society , to care for the elderly or the poor is the domain of the goverment . Therefore , the community itself does n't need young people 's help . In conclusion , the role of young people in the communities has been little value and the role of the communitied for young people has , either . Therefore , not only the motive of young people to help their communities has be less , but also the opptunities to do so has also been reduced . What to be blamed is not only young people .
(KOR,medium) It is reported that the number of cars has been increased for past ten years . In some cities , persons not having cars are regarded as to be even strange . However , I strongly agree that in the future less cars will be used because of their bad effects on environment and other transportion . To begin with , current used cars have many drawbacks . First of all , the environment has been polluted by cars . The harmful gas from cars causes respitory diseases . On top of that , the gas results in globla warming . This is why governments regulates sales of cars . For instance , in many contries , bicycles are encouraged to use for going near place in stead of using cars , and in Korea , a person who have over three cars should pay tax as six times much as a person having only one car . Moreover , annually , an uncountable number of serious car accidents break out . This prevents many people from using cars . In addition , in the future many better transportation ways or vehicles will appear . Already , airplanes and express trains are widely used thanks to their fastness . The need of them has been increasing becasue moder people consider time important . For example , in Korea , my countrary . An express traine was introduced about three years ago . Because of it convenience , usually , people choose it for going to Busan from Seoul . The fees of it is less expensive than the fee of gase for a car . In addition , engineers are inventing new transportation by using the state-of-art technology such as magnetic floating train . It is expected these new transportation wil appear soon , In a nut shell , I strongly believe that fewer cars will be used in twenty years . A car is too dangerous to the environment as well as human . We will be able to use more convenient and fast transportation .
(FRE,medium) In the recent years , the number of cars has grown up to a level that was never reached before . Nowadays , the traffic problems are getting more and more serious . The question of reducing the number of cars will be one of the most preoccupying matter of concern . There are the arguments that sustain my opinion . First of all , since the number of cars has ben growing up fastly , the society have to face with a major problem : how to regulate the trafic and to deal with the queues that happen every day on major highways and in major cities . It is now getting more and more difficult to circulate at the rush hours . If the number of cars still grow like it does nowaday , the risq to face total blocking of the circulation will be real . Another argument is that the oil and gas reserves are getting rarer everyday . As a long term consequence , their price will increase in a huge proportion . Scientifics know the problem very well even if they do not know when the reserves will be over . If we ca n't find a substitution energy , we 'll have to change our habits . One of the consequence is that we 'll have to live in areas close to our job or to choose for another medium of communication . Both of those situations will lead to a decrease of the number of cars used by the citizens . Last but not least , using the car is one of the global warming 's major causes . The consequences of the phenomenon will be desastrous for the future generations , such as the increase of the level of the ocean , climate 's changes , ... I think people are getting more and more aware of this concern . Sensibilisation will make people change their own mind and consider to choose for new media of communication , such as bike , rollers , ... In any cases , i think that , according to those arguments , there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .
(JPN,medium) I definitely agree to the statement , and I think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide for three reasons . To travel where I never visited before , it is hard to choose where to see around . When I visited Italy , I had hard time scheduling where to go . There are many churches , cultural architecutre , and famous concert hall to visit . I could not choose where to go first or where I defenitely should go . However , when I travel with a group and a tour guide , tour guide planned everything and scheduled in efficiently . I do not have to loose time to make decisions , and also I never missed famous places to visit . Sometimes it is hard to find a restaurant when I travel by myself . Usually , the place to travel is where to travel first time . So I have no information about price of food , what to wear , and it taste good or not . When I was a student and travel to Italy , I was a a backpakker . Since I was young , I do not contain much money to eat expensive foods . I usually eat cheap pizzas , pasta , and snacks . But one time I choose a restaurant which served delisious food but very expensive . When I seated and look at the menu , I was surprised about the price . In this situation , if I go with a tour guide , he or she will suggest me about the average price of the food this restaurant serves . Furthermore , I have more chance to take many pictures if I travel in a group . Sometimes , I find hard time taking pictures when I travel by myself . Because , I need to take care of luggage . But if I travel in a group , I can ask others or a tour guide to take a pictures . Also , I can ask a tour guide to watch my luggage while I take a picture . As I mentioned so far , I agree the statements , and I will choose to travel in a group with a tour guide .
(TEL,high) I strongly believe that people who try new things and take risks are more successfull than people who keep doingg what they already know how to do well . By taking risks and doing new things you face newer situations which will help you to push yourself away from your comfort zone which will help you be a better and successfull person . I have personally experienced and have read many situations where taking risks and doing things have helped changed lives and to be successfull . In my first job I wanted to try out something new and apply for a position in sales and marketing , but since I was a very good software porgrammer , everyone said that I would not be suitable for the position and most of my peers discouraged me from taking up the position . Infact I was a little doubtful about leaving my comfort zone and entering into untested waters , but I took the position which eventually helped me start my own business . I would not be in this position if I had not taken that risk . In the business world there are stories of many risks but a couple of them which fascinate me are the stories of Bill Gates and Steve Jobs . Bill Gates quit his school to do something new , something he liked the most and something that was not done before , `` personal computers '' . He became successful and changed the course of not just his life but the lives of everyone else on the planet . Steve Jobs who should be given enough credit for his contribution to the developement of PC 's made a comback a few years ago with his latest invetion iPods . Before Apple Computers ( which was run by Steve Jobs ) came up with iPod , there were many mp3 players but they lacked recognition . Steve Jobs novel idea of attractive product descign coupled with seamless integration with computers created the new `` iPod Generation '' and completely revived Apple Computers . Hence based on my personal experience and also experiences of many others I very strongly believe that by doing new things you improve yourself which increases your capability to do better things and to take risks and be successfull .
(GER,high) Over the past centuries , pedagogues all over the world have been discussing whether it is more effective for students to understand ideas and concepts or to learn the facts about things . This debate has not been won by one side or the other and one can only state a personal preference on it . Personally , I think that a child or student will gain more from understanding ideas and concepts and from being able to apply this knowledge than by a mere memorisation of facts . To learn facts often means to memorise something written in a textbook or something heard during a lecture . But how effective can this process be ? Will it enable the student to apply what s/he has learned ? I do not think that this is the case . I went to University in Italy where the school ( and university ) system is still based on memorisation and in my experience , students there will learn facts , memorize them until their exam is due and then forget about them . In most of the cases , they were not able to apply what they have learned . An example : they were very good in the subject of English grammar , knew the difference between all four German cases , but when it came to speak English or German , they would not be able to pronounce a correct phrase . The learning of facts can often be very boring . The student has to concentrate to memorize something s/he might not even understand ; often it is a theory that s/he can not relate to . To learn the facts is important because it gives the student necessary background information , but it is much more fun for a student to discover some facts for him/herself . In a kindergarden class , the kids would definitely be more interested to have a frog in their classroom , to observe the animal and learn about it this way than by reading about it in a textbook . They would understand much better what the teacher is talking about if they can experience it in person . Of course it is important to learn facts . But in my opinion it is a traditional , rigid way of learning that often does not respect the inborn curiosity of ( young ) students . Like in many other cases , a mixture between both theories would be a good solution . First , the facts should be told . Then ideas and concepts should be understood by the student , so that s/he can apply what s/he has learnt earlier . After all , life is not just about facts , but about the ideas and concepts that lay beneath these facts as well .
(TUR,high) The demand for cars is rapidly increasing . But in twenty year time , I think there will be fewer cars in use than today . I agree with the idea that the car number will increase in twenty years , and hasve some reasons for agreing . First , the fossil oil based energy sources are dicreasing . It is getting expensive and unefficent to use those resources for the energy supply of transportation . Electricity , nuclear energy sources , solar energy and even hydrogen is in consideration for replacing the fossil oil usage . There is also another reason for this replacement which is the air polution that is caused by the fossil oil usage . In order to reduce the polution governments are limiting the gasoline types and quality used in cars . That also rises the price . Not only the fossil oil reserves but also the iron , steel and other metal reserves are forcing us to use our resources more carefuly and more logical for our future . We should understand that these natural resources are limited . Considering the population growth , and the sizes the big city 's reach , it is possible to understand the need of a special way of transportation : public transport . The trafic jams , the time consume rides are causing caos , trafic accidents , polution in the citys . Because of these results of personal transportation solutions , annual expenditure of the economies are increasing constantly . This is not a weight every economy could handle . I think the public transportain , especially the rail usage has to increase to handle these problems . Fossil oil energy sources could be used more efficiently and harmless in different areas of the industry . More enviorement friendly and economic solutions has to be found and used for transportatin problems . The car companies are working on the alternative energy usage for the future to substain their companies . Some big companies buy the other companies to reduce the competition and some others have merged . This could be analyze to understand the sector 's future characteristics . I think the shrinking market conditions force car companies to fight harder to survive . With all these signs , I think in twenty years there will be less cars in use than today .
(FRE,medium) Today , cars are the easiest way to travel . The car is just one of the differents way to travel . It 's probably the easiest one , but not the cheapest . In a first time i 'll explain the differents postive point of the car , in a second time , i 'll describe the others way to travel , and in a third point compare both of them . Today the car is the easiest way to travel . To go from a point A to a point B. Even for short trips we take the car . The cars get better and better day after day . Most of the teenagers are just waitting for oine thing , a car . They are able to go wherever they want , whenever they want and they do n't have to ask their parents , people feel that they are getting more freedom with a car . We do n't have any rushes when we take our car , we leave whenever we want . The car is less stressful than the others way to travel . The car is not the only way to travel . There is the train , the plane , the bicycle , even by foot for the most courageous of us . The train and the plane are a safe way to go from a point A to a point B. But the plane is pretty expensive , but it 's getting cheaper . But the train is not very expensive and it 's very easy to take a train , you do n't even have the stress of the road or getting an accident . And today , we want to get things without any effort . So the train is a very good way . In twenty years , a lot of things will change . Even right now things are changing and they are going to have an impact on our futur as the price of gaz , safety on the road ... The train or the plane become very cheap , it 's not hard to find a plan ticket from paris to london for 20 $ . I think in twenty years it 's going to be better . So the car is going to be the most expensive way to travel . I think , in the futur , we will still have a car . But we are not going to use it as many times as we do . Most of the big cities are getting better in transportation ( bus , metro , rental bike ) . So i 'm not agree with this statement , we will still have a car but we will not use it very often , so one car will probably be enough for a family .
(ARA,medium) Travling costs a lot of money . Have you ever thought about how much do you spend when you travle ? A lot of people love travling but they do not want to spend a lot of money on travling . When people travled to a different place about which they do not have any information , they would get lost while they were looking for the places they wanted to visit . Therefore , having a tour guide with you in your travling can take to beautiful places in short time . There fore I agree on that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because by that , the tour guide entertained you and save your times which are the most important things during your travling . The first benefit of have a tour guide is that he entertains you . the tour guide have a big knowlagde about the place where he tours you . For example , supose you do not know about the good places in Califronia and you went to it . If you did not have a tour guide , you would not good any places except the ones that near by your hotel . In addition , if asked people about the good places , they would not tell you because they might not remeber them . However the tour guide job is to know the good places that will make the tourists entertained . Finally , the tour guide would try his hardest to entertained you , so that you might like him and tell othe pople about him . The second point is theat the tour guide would save a lot of your time . For exmample , one of my friend went to Riyadh , which is the capitel city of Soudi Arabia , with out a tour guide . He thought that since he lives in a country that is near by Saudi Arabia , he should know where to go in Riyadh . On the contrary , hey got lost in it and waste a lot of time looking for the good places and hotels to stay in . His plan eas to spend one week in Riyadh but he spent tow weeks . When I asked him about his trip , he said that he should have rented a tour guide . Eventhough , he went with a group who also have good information about Riyadh , the got lost . Opponents of having a tour guide in a group maintain that it cost money having a tour guide . However , having a tour guide would cost less on what you would spen on transportation by getting lost . In conclusion , you would save time and be entertaind if you have a tour fuide in a travle with a group .
(SPA,high) Marketing has evolved throughtout time and has become more complex as time pases . What used to be very simple , like introducing a new product to a market , has become a real challenge . Now a days there are so much markets that are compiting between them , that the product that has the best marketing strategy is the one with the biggest revenues . The best way to obtain attention from the clients , is showing them a product that covers all their needs , products that can do everything at the same time . That is why most products seem much better than they really are , because there is no such product that can cover all , and even most , of the needs or wants of the posible buyer . In television most products that are being advertised , really does not work . That is why they tell you `` if you call within the next 2 minutes you will get a bonus pack '' , this way they get the attention of the person , by making them think they are getting not only the fabulous product , but also the amazing bonus pack , distracting them from the real product . Another way of getting the attention of posible buyers is buy selling them lies . Advertisements tell you all the things that the product can do , but really most of the time it just works partially , or not at all . At the end , most people are really unsatisfied with the product they have bought , and end up buying the one which they really needed , and not the one that is giving you lots of promotions , that at the end does not satisfies the custumer . It is really important to show what you are really selling , that way costumers will be satisfied with what they are buying , and they will continue to buy the best brand .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the statement , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . Maybe to learn facts is important to students . But I think if they understand ideas and concepts , they will get facts , too . I think to understand ideas and concepts are more easy to understand , instead of just learn facts . When I study the biology , and history in English , my tutor always gives me an examples , and ideas . And it is always helpful to me , and I will never forget about it . For the foreign language students , the ideas and examples are helpful . Because they cannot understand the English well as Americans do , they could not just learn facts from the books . So , the ideas or concepts are very important to them to learn facts . To understand ideas and cocepts are more fun to do . If students get ideas , concepts , and examples on the picture , they can understand more clearly . To draw pictures or diagrams , students will have fun in the class . It is like laboratory in the biology class . The laboratory exercise is so much fun , and students can get main ideas of what they are studying . I think the statement `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. '' is true . If teachers and students can learn lessons together , and if the lessons are fun , students would like to go to school and they would like to learn in the school .
(SPA,high) I totally agree with the statement because not only I find that memorizing facts is most of the time totally useless , but I strongly believe that there is no use in learning if students cannot apply the acquired information in different ways . Facts such as dates , names , places , and definitions are recorded in books , encyclopedias , newspapers , and electronic documents . There is no point in spending time memorizing them , when we can have access to such data if we know how and where to find it . Rather than having students memorize the meaning of a word , they should be taught how to look it up in a dictionary . Instead of asking students to memorize facts in a particulary history passage , they should be presented with such information just to help them understand the background in which a historical moment took place . When students are given the opportunity to transfer the ideas and concepts that are being taught into different situations , particularly when those situations are closely related to the student 's reality , the learning process `` sets in '' . Show them the relationship between speed , distance , and time on the blackboard , and most of them will not be able to understand it . But ask them what happens if they are late for their first class , and most of them will answer without any hesitation that they would drive faster . In my experience as a Computer Science teacher who teaches programming in a local high school , I 'd rather have my students try to figure out how to solve a particular problem by understanding what needs to be done , than letting them worry about the implementation details . This approach is not easy for them at the beginning : they want to know how all instructions in a particular language are written , and they often feel frustrated when instead of giving them the answer right away , I ask them to check the developer 's documentation . Once they understand that the language details are not important , because they can always go and check how a particular instruction is written or can be used , they can focus on what is truly important in computer programming : developing the skills that are needed to solve any given problem . The most rewarding comment I have had in these 12 years as a Computer Science teacher came from a student that is now in College studying a major in Engineering . I found him this morning here , at the IBT Testing Center , and he said : `` Ms . Cannon , thank you for teaching me problem-solving . You ca n't imagine how I still use the strategies that you taught me in your class , even in subjects that do not have anything to do with engineering . ''
(SPA,high) In my point of view I completely disagree with the statement `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . In my country , everyone enjoys life as much as possible and for them they do not care about their age . For them age is just a number ; they think that the spirit that is within themselves is what matters . So they enjoy their lives to its maximum in any period of time . And so , do i . Besides , everyone has many goals , and one of them is to enjoy life . So no matter what age you are you can enjoy life . For instance a child could be thinking that he is enjoying life when he/she is playing with his/her friends , now let 's see a old person having a vacation on the Bahamas spending his/her time with the person that he/she loves . In my point of view , both people , the child and the old person are enjoying life , and i do not see why would one of them enjoy life more than the other . As i said before everyone has a spirit and i personally do not think that the spirit get older as the days pass by . Within one 's spirit there is energy . Energy is what takes us from one place to another ; to eat or not to eat ; to do things or not to things ; to enjoy life or not to enjoy life . So then , if everyone has a spirit that means that they also have energy , therefore everyone has an equal amount of energy to enjoy life at any period of time . To put in other words , age does not matter for someone to enjoy life . In conclusion , young people do not enjoy life more than older people do because we are all the same . It is true that when you get older the muscles start to be more flexible and solf and tends to break more easily than if you were young . But muscles do not have anything to do with enjoying life . It is also true that as you get older , your brains develops in different steps and so you can think more deeply about things that interest or bother you . But does that affect whether you enjoy life more than others ? . Well , in my opinion my answer would be no .
(SPA,high) I agree that `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' because their main purpose is to sell people their product of service , and they would do whatever it takes to increase their profits . A typical example of this marketing strategy would be the advertisements used in the food industry . Some cans , boxes or bags show their products really big , juicy and seeming tasty . However , when the costumer opens the product , he sees that the product is much smaller and most of the time is not even similar to the product they were showing in the package . Some fast food restaurants also show tasty pictures of their products , usually hamburguers , hot dogs , or sandwiches . These meals seem to be much bigger than they really are , with fresh vegetables and soft bread . But when the costumer actuallly recieves the meal , it turns out to be a small common burger . No only the food industry uses those tricks . A major industry that not only highlights the product itself , but the benefits it offers to the final user , is the beauty industry . This industry includes make ups , magic pills , gel or creams and all sort of products that promess to make someone beautiful , skinnier of younger . When trying to sell their newest product . It is typical to see the `` before and after '' ads , showing a fat lady and then after taking the pills , or applying the gel or cream , she looks much better , skinny and healthy . A variety of examples could be provided of how marketing people maximize the products ' capacities . But the thing is that they actually do it and it is not properly regulated . This is not only unethical for the costumer who buys the product , but for the potential costumer who is thinking about purchasing it . In my opinion , the solution for this problem is legal regulation . I think that all products ' ads that show better products than they actually are , should be taken away from the stores . Besides , if any client complains about a product that did not met his or her expecations based on the product advertisement , should get their money back . If a proper solution is not implemented , more people will be affected and finally , the company will loose actual and potential costumers , since no one wants to be mocked again . And a costumer that is lost , is lost forever .
(CHI,medium) In my poinnion , I think it is more impotant for student to learn facts than to understand ideas and concepts . Firstly , We live in the real life , if we do things based on the ideas or concepts we may lose our minds . Because sometimes , things is going to change at any time , but we do not know when it change , or how it change . For example , there is a ancient story in China , says that there is a master of army who learns very well through the book knowledge , he can even memorize all the concepts of the book . Once , the enrmy attack his area , then he use the concepts from the book to fight with the enrmy , finally he fails . Because the enrmy use a trick during the battle while the master only knows the solution in the book . this shows us we should learn facts instead of only learn the ideas and concept . We should be more flexable to deal the problems which appers in our real life . Secondly , facts give you more impression . For instance , once you write a wrong solution in the exam , after you know it is wrong , it you will have a serve impression , and you will never do it again , because you have the experience . Therefore , learn facts is more impotant for students than only understand ideas and concepts .
(ARA,low) Some people think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in the use than there are in today and some diagree . Whatever , there is many factors the show us the way how number cars will increase or decrease . In my opinion , i think that 's trurly not because as we see nowdays the number of cars are growing up fastly because of the number of people . In china the number of people is more than 1 billion person is there , and in india the number of people will grow up and become more than china in fewe years . This crowed of people will increase the number of cars . Other thing , if we take that last twenty years we can determind that the number of cars that the countries they asked were increased due to people . What is more , the number of cars that is produced is become more and more and the companys will not stop producing because of the custemers demand . As we see the traffic jam now days are increasing and they are going to be more and more . As we see the number of studing who learn how to drive a car are increasing in all countries and the schools will need more cars to teachs these student . In addintion to that , the veraity of cars are more and more , if you want a four wheel drive you can choice a car from a plenty of cars in one company . how about the aother companys do they have the same ? yes ofcourse they have many types of cars for of road for in road even the interior accessories . These factors say 's that the number of cars will increase without stoping one day , so the world become more croweded and number of cars will be infinity .
(HIN,low) no i do not agree bcoz when an man is sucessful he would be busy with his own duty . he would try to go to higher heights in his own field rather than thinking of doing another things in his life for an example an normal software engineer with an salary of 10000 rs would ty to get an job which is higher than that , or else he would try to open an software company of is own . he would never think of opening an bakery and sit in it . it also depends on ones own mentality some people do multiple jobs in there life and fail in the race of life . also an man doing multiple jobs in his life would suceed in his life within an short period of time but has to face many problems in life and taking to the person doing single job would suceed in life after an long time in an safe manner . there would be no do 's and dont 's in his life if a man plans in an good manner then he would get the sucess in short period of time , so planing is the must
(FRE,medium) I first tend to agree with this statement and I actually hope there will be less cars in the world , because pollution is a serious problem . According to me , in twenty years , they may be a problem about oil . We use so much of this right now that it might not be available in the next decades . If the oil becomes harder to find , then it becomes also more and more expensive . The richest people may then be the only ones who will earn enough money to buy what is the main need to make a car work . I can even imagine people using their own bike instead . Why not ? Would it not be better for our Earth ? Moreover , new laws preventing the use of cars may be created . Governements may take actions to prevent married couples to own more than two cars for example , or other things like that . Anything can be done , I think too many vehicles are on the roads . Since we are talking about close future , maybe we will wait much longer for changes to be seen , because , let us also be realistic , more and more people own a car nowadays , it is indeed so comfortable to own our own way to move from place to place in such a short period of time . We need ten minutes to go somewhere by car , and maybe fourty by feet . So It is hard to agree or disagree with the statement because all of this depends on how the world will turn out to become in the next few years . It depends on people 's state of mind , on politics , and on the decisions that are going to be taken . But anyway , my point of view is fewer cars would be a good and possible thing which would be likely to happen if each one of us are willing to make efforts to help our planet .
(TUR,medium) Successfull person try new things Do you know any people who doesnt like to take risks in the business ? Successful people try new things and take risks much more than people who are not like to take risks too much . Every business man take risks but this risk sometimes can be so significant amount and sometimes so less amount . For example my father is the owner of a big company which is so important for the local economy of Turkey . In the biggineng while he estublishing this company he got significant amount of loan from the bank . And he hadnt got too much money to pay it back . First everything didnt go well because of some mistakes . Therefore the money which was taken from the bank as a loan didnt get sufficient and he had to sell his house . After that he succed to establish his company which has been producing food under the name of Eti for years . Right after he graduated from the university in US he satarted working as a bank manager in his country . As a manager of the bank he got some awards from the union of Turkish banks cooporation . During his golden years in his work he decided to establish his own company and quit his job . After some colculations he got succed and now he is working as a bos of his own company . And i have never seen him thinking about his past maybe because of thinking future all the time he is well prerared and knows what the future can bring and how to handle the stuation . All in all successful people like my father always try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well . Because of their idealist structure . In every period of their life they want to achive something and believing them self make them stronger .
(CHI,high) I could not say that every young person dedicate themselves to helping their communities , but I do think that a large number of them are doing a large amount of voluntary work to help make a better community . I have witnessed many participations in social service by young people around me . When I was in high school in Hong Kong , the city where I live , almost everybody at school joined at least one volutary activity , be it elderly home visit or fund-raising carnival . Some put a lot of effort into organizing these voluntary work , while others supported by generous donation or active participations . We all enjoyed being involved in these activities , knowing that we are contributing to our communities . I have personally contributed and experienced community work , too . As members of the Hong Kong Red Cross Youth Units , my team mates and I have initiated a few service projects which served the objectives of charity organizations . We designed a 3-day programme , which included a fun day for elderly and children , to convey messages such as social harmony and cross-generation communication . All of us have dedicated ourselves into the preparation and launching of the projects . It was time-consuming but we all believed that it was worth making a more joyful community . Helping the communities is not only demonstrated by actual participation in voluntary work . I think that the young people who are really making contribution are those who manage their time well between voluntary work and academic study . We should always look at things in the long term . Instead of complaining that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities , maybe we should appreciate how they are trying to get the most of their study and contribute to the society later on . That means that they are not wasting the resources that the society is giving them in their education . They also prove that the ` investment ' in their education will generate returns when contribute what they learn back to the society . Are n't they helping their communities , too ? Many young people are actually aware of their positions in their communities and are giving a lot of time to help . We should appreciate what they have done and encourage those who are doing less to contribute more . Ultimately they will be the ones who benefit from a better community they themselves live in .
(TUR,medium) Having a broad knowledge of many acamedic subjects has been one the foremost discussing issues in my contury as in many parts of of the world . Altough , some people think having a broad knowledge of many acamedic subjects is better , dominant people think vice versa . For domiant people and me specalizing in one specific subjects is better , beacuse of the following reasons . One of the most important reason for my belief is specalizing in one speficic subject gain people more job oppornuties . For illusturation , Turkey has a lot of unemploy peoples who make same job . However if the government had changed the education system , government assert that we need this spectular kind of workers and schools would tried to make for this kind of workers to focus on one specific subject . Hence , unemployment would be decreased . Another reason for my belief is , due to fact that unemployment is decreasing , contury 's economic level will increase . As u know Turkey is not a developed country . And of the chief reason for this unemployment . To stop this broken issue , shcool make a legistating to specialize in one specific subject . And this gain contury more effective workers . The last but not least reason is that a giving chance for choosing the specific subject . For eaxample , when you recognize your specific subject you can choose your best subject . And everybody on the earth want to work in their loving job like a hobby . In addition to this , people who works willing to their job are more happy and more succeed . In a conclusion , taking the points I have mentioned above into consideration , it would be appropriate to say that specializing in one specific subject creating more job oppornuties and as a result of this effect contury 's economical situation will develop . As well it gain public some benefits such as increase the happness level to change works more easy
(GER,medium) `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do. '' , is that kind of phrase ones can often hear in modern , western countries , where enjoyment seems to be one of lifes biggest goals . Wheather this is true or not it will all come down to the point of defining and measuring `` Joy '' . But let me approach this matter step by step . It might seem natural and obvious to believe in this simple sentence because of the physical and mental abilities of young people . They are healthy , strong , flexible and abitious to conquer the world , make inventions , found families and many more important faktors of life . But is this really a joy any time ? They are often fight their hectic and fast environment and get quickly older , visible in burnouts , psychological problems , affection for drug usage and crime . I would agree that young people have an higher interest in their environment in general , but it does not say if this interest to create , explain and dominate is joyous or a need , meybee genetically predetermined . How about older people ? When we hear this we might think of those tied into bed , unable to eat and care for themselves . But if you think twice you can find a lot of older people , who are happy with a slower live . My grandparents still travel more foreign countries a year I could even afford . Others write books and give their experience to the younger generation . We should not be mislead by the idea of `` maximizing joy '' in terms of spending more money , doing more extrem activities and so on is always desireable . To summarize it I might be allowed to refence to Kant , a German philosopher . More than 200 years ago he wrote , it is never possible to define a overwhelming good wich accounts for everybody but everybody shall have the right within certain borders to find his own satisfaction ( quoted rater freely ) . Therefore I am tempted to say this question is to be answered indivually . Of course we can discuss it , but the answears tranferred into real politics will quickly show very unpleasing results I assume .
(CHI,high) For some reasons I totally agree with the statement , although sometimes risk can destroy a people , it is a part that people must go trough to get succeed . First , if someone wants to be succeed , he or she must try to do something new , something others never did before , it is just like invention , new things are always the things people focus on , that is why people are interest on new cell phones and computers but not regular phones and calculators , the future successful people has to find something that can interest people , but as an addition , there are always risks while introducing a new product or working in a new field , but if people want to recieve , they have to give , people who want to be succeed must give up doing the thing they already know how to do well , but learn to do a new thing , for most times , there are n't even books to introduce how to do the new thing , but once one people finds out how to do and does it well , he or she may be secceed throughtout one night . Many people surround me are worrying about their jobs , some because they ca n't find a job , some worries about how far they can go in their career , for those who want to be more excellent than others , who are looking forward to be successful people , wo n't only try to do better than others in the same thing , because as people always say ` what you can do , others can do ' , take Bill Gates for example , when he was determind to found a software company he was only an college student , bravely , he did n't scared by the risk but went out from the college to the true world to discover new things , to chase new goals , at the time he had a friend who ahd the same major as Bill did , rejected the invetion of Bill Gates to found a new company together , may be he thought it is more unrisky to continue his study , or maybe he still thinks so now , but after years , Bill Gates becomes , we can say a legent of success , every body admire him , and seeking for ways to be as successful as him , and his classmate at college I 've mentioned before , is now a college proffessor , I 'm not saying that being a proffesor is not successful , it is also a marvolous job , but in most people 's opinion , being best one in the world , is cooler , and a people like Bill Gates , is the most successful one . It may depends on that kind of life people want , but if people want to bu really successful , I think the best way is to face the risks and do new things others never did before , there sure will be failures , but if he or she succeed , it will be a huge pride .
(SPA,high) Have you ever been mislead by a TV or a web page advertisement , and bought something you were not completley statisfied ? I have , that is why I belive that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . In my opinion , I think this occurs for simple reasons : people want to sell , and internet and TV makes it easy . Selling more means winning more money . Acutally , the purpose of advertising is to sell more , they do this by making the pruduct attractive . The thing is that there is a diference between advertising the product and tricking people into buying something that is not true . The sad part is that there is lot of people that are willing to risk their reputation in order to win more money . Latley , buying through internet has become more and more popular . It is cheaper , easy , and you can do it right at home . The problem with on-line and TV purchases is that you are unable to see the object that you want to buy fisically . There are many well known web-pages in which you know you will have no problems . For example , I bought the Toefl test online , and recive exactly what I bought . The problem comes when you are dealing something less formal . For example , if you are planning a vacation and are planning to stay in a home and breakfast , you must check twice the place . The owners always take the best pictures of their houses and even use photoshop . Some times when the change is so drastic that you feel that it is not the place you saw on your computer screen , so you feel decive . All in all , I belive that most advertisments do make products seem better than they really are . I belive it is in their nature , since its purpose it to sell more .. I do not belive that most advertisments want to decive people , but I strongly recommend not to buy online unless it is a recognized webpage .
(TUR,medium) Having less cars in twenty years time does not seem to be possible due to several reasons : comfort of the cars , availability of a technolgy and global reasons . As the children of the twentied century we were born with cars , live and grow with them . We have so much famaliar and used to them . We can not find comfort of these cars in any of vehicles , bicycle or motorcycle or a ship or train non of those can provide the comfort and service we used to hava with our cars . Secondly , the technology is not available to make an vehicle that can compute with car . Space ships , planes or helicopters they may have seem to compute with cars but it should also be taken into account that they cost too much that ordinary people can afford . Or even they can afford them some time where they will park their helicopter or where they will land with their plane . It is a big question mark and does not seems to be realistic . The last but the most important one is the global reasons . The big car producing companies will not let a change in current status of the cars by making big cuts from prices . Not only the car producers but also oil companies do not want fewer cars in use as their profits will decrease with less gasoline sales . The same reason can be taken for oil - exporter countries and or for the countries who makes too much money from petroleum sector such as USA , Russia , and Middle East countries that determines and effects the political and economical decisions all over the world . In conclusion , in twenty years , there will not be fewer cars in use than today as we get used to the comfort of our cars which we can buy by less money than other vehicles provided with the current technolgy . And the global powers will not let a change in the situtation in unfavourably of them as a result of change in oil sector .
(TUR,medium) In my university , most of the students tend to complete their studies in the field that they started , and they direct their minds into one specific subject without going out of it . For students this easy path always give many advantages on their own fields . However , without any interaction with other subjects academic life might be too mediocre . Students who satisfy all the offered courses in one subject have a good chance to enhance in that subject , and they can easily follow what is required for them because the curriculum is already determined for them . For example , during the whole of his/her undergraduate study , a student who studies in Department of Mathematic must register for a certain number of credits or courses which are all related to mathematics . Such a person whose mind is full of mathematical problems might be a very reputed academician or scientist in the future , but he/she loses the chance of learning different subjects and relating and developing them . On the other hand , one who tries to get a broad knowledge of various academic fields can use those subjects with each other . In other words , one specific subject can help to develop another . For instance , although I studied philosophy at the university , in the second year of my study I chose to register for a minor program on Architectrue . This gave me o good chance to interprete architectural productions in a philosophical way . I gained a chance to investigate architectural effects on human . In conclusion , even though specializtion on a single subject might be useful within that subject , for me it is more enjoyable and interesting to specialize in avariety of subjects . This provides me to create my own style in the academy .
(CHI,low) Yes , I agree . But I do n't know what will happen in twenty years .. Now we have been live in a modern world , its exciting . sure , it is changing our life . for example , twenty years ago , It is impossible to know what is PS2 and xBox for us . so `` in twenty there will be fewer cars in use than ther are today '' the question we do n't know . its fantasy .. we can
(KOR,medium) Most people think that their children get married , they start to enjoy life . Because old people thinking is when the people are young , they work hard and save money for their old life . However , I think young people enjoy the life more that old people . They have more energy and healthier than old people . First , young people have full energy and confidence all of thing what they do . Because , they are young , so , they do not have enough experience , they are curious in the world and want to challange . for example , my younger brother like to challenge something . Because he does not know as well as the my parents , he does not fear anything . Old people has a lot of experience than young people , they know which one is benefit or bad things , so they think one more time before they do sothimg and they are limited . Second , young people are heathier that old people . So , They can go wherever they want . For example , my grandmother really wants to go to America to see her daughter , but she is sick and old , doctor prohibits her travel . So she can go just near her house . However , I can go to meet my friend who live in another country . Actually , I went my friend 's house in Germany , I had a lot of good experience and enjoy with my friend . Also , I went around the new place , I got a lot of friends . If I am older , I can not get a lot of experience , because it is too tired going around . To sum up , people enjoy their life when they are young . In the young age , people have a lot of energy and ambicious , they can enjoy their life more gradually . In addition , many various experiences give learnig to young people , they can find new life through their experience .
(ITA,high) As a I learned during my sociology class , a successful person is someone , who has achieved important goals that have led him to important positions of success . Of course developing new projects and obtaining positive results bring risks and doubts , but the only way to improve and cross personal limits , is to take these risks and solve them . Someone , who prefers to do only what he is sure to be able to do well , is a person who will never become successful . Nowadays , the working situation shows how always more companies are looking for employees , who have the following competencies > initiative , goal orientation , flexibility , self growth , and so on . A candidate in a job selection must prove , that he is a person with initiative in developing new strategies , and improving the company-s performance . A society will appreciate more a person , who demonstrate passion and interests in taking new challenges and facing risks , rather than someone , who does not want to improve . No company will give a promotion to an employee , who does the same work since years , just because he is sure of doing it well . A boss will give a prize to that person , who is able to develop new plans and positive approaches for the company . On the basis of what I have just statet , I strongly believe that to become a successful person , I should try new things and take risks , showing my motivation to improve and grow . As example , I can look at my uncle , and at his professional career . He is now a successuful dean of a high insitute of business administration in Damascus , Syria . Before having achieved this high position , he experienced delicate situations , where he had to deal with all those risks following a new project , such as opening a high institute of business in the Middle East . The positive result shows how initiative can make a person successful .
(SPA,high) I do believe successful people try new things and take risks . I believe life is full of opportunities that can benefit us , but we have to be ready and willing to accept this opportunities . If a person just sits around and keeps doing the same than his/her life will become in a rutine . Risks are always good because they motivate the person and makes a person give it 's best to achieve it 's personal goals , It 's always good to try new things . A person has to look at it in a way that if nothing comes out of this than its not a lost , its actually a win , because you earned experience . Experience is a very valuable gift a person acquires over time . Nobody is born with experience , life gives a person the experience required to become successful and not fail . Successful people have already obtained a certain degree of experience that has taken them to the spot they are located at . A good example of how experience helps and is acquaired would be that a guy recently graduated with a business major , would n't be able to run a company by itself . He probably has the knowledge , but not the experience to know what to do , or what decisions he needs to take , or how the company is run . Important personalities in life have taken risks . One good example is Cristopher Columbus . He took the risk of sailing through the ocean , because he had a dream that the earth was round , and not flat like everybody said it was . He took that risk and he had a great outcome , he found America . If he would sat around and just believed what everybody else was believing in and just traveling in the same route everybody was , than he would n't have never found the glory he found when he decided to take that risk . Life is full of risks , and we have to be well prepared in order to confront them , and when they come we do n't have to be afraid of taking them because we do n't know what we might found or the outcome of them will be . A person wont become successful just wishing and dreaming they were successful , What they need to do is get up and go out and overcome all types of adversities .
(TEL,medium) Yes ido agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . I believe that success resides in people who take risks for a purposefull achievement which is very well planned and an intellegent one . Going in a way or in a route , whose limits are not known may be risky but when this is done by a perfect analysis and with an intelligent planning then i think `` No star is too high to reach '' . A person is called successful when he reaches his goal succesfully by crossing all the hurdles that he comes across during his journey towards his destiny . Only when a person stands constant through out his journey towards his destiny without caring the distractions that he comes across , and whatever may be the risk , old or new , only the strong will to reach your goal successfully is counted . when you take up risky things then the enthusiasm for attaing success would increase and may be you would work more hard , and you should work harder in such cases where you take up tougher things , . The saying `` HARDWORK IS ALWAYS BITTER BUT ITS FRUITS ARE ALWAYS SWEET '' is very apt for the successfull people . when you take up risky things like , introducing new ideas in your bussiness which anyone else have dared to do or planning to begin yourself as an self enterpreneur withuot any entreprenual back ground or taking up a new project which is rejected by every one in your office because it is risky and many such examples , these would defenetly help you in becoming a successful man only when you are daring enough and mainly when you are confident enough that you can do the job perfectly . When you possess above all qualities than you are a successful man no matter your choice is , whether risky or not , but you are the ULTIMATE an
(JPN,low) I disagree with `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . '' It is just like advertisements tell a lie to consumers . For example , when my father watched a CM of clearner product on TV , advertisements said that it could erase all of things such as , coffee or ink . After he used it , it could not erase coffee one . It was not ture that the cleaner could erase coffee . He was really angry with it , and he said he would never buy priducts at the company . As a consumer , you cannot know about products which you cannot use for a test before you buy it . You just watch some CMs of a prodict or look a product in the store . The other view is advertisements is to sell products a lot to consumers , so it might be natural thing for them to make products seem much better than they really are . However , that is really big criminal at the point of telling a lie . Becuse of that , consumers should need to compare with other products , and you should decide by yourself which one is good . Also you have to use our mind and think about `` Is that CM really true ? `` . Finally , advertisements should make products seem they really are ; otherwise , consumers will nerver trast them . Also it should be a big problem .
(TEL,medium) It is stated that to agree or disagree with the statement ,, ` young people enjoy life more than older people do ' ,, definetly i would agree that younger people will enjoy more than older people do .. , Firstly ,, in order to support , i would give you the few facts that older people are caused with many pains and health problems , so most of the old people must be sticked to the houses or farms ,, and for maximum time , they are said to be alone with no company to share their views or feelings , for example ,, in many houses older people live alone while his/her partner is been dead and many older people today are suffering from health problems .. Coming to younger people , they have time to spend lot of time with family friends and collegues at work stations , younger people can have most of their time spending outside with the latest outcomings of trends and they seems to be more avtive ,, For example ,, younger people face student life which creates more enjoyable moments , and many other sweat moments ,, other fact is that younger people are not affected with health problems or silly pains like older people have , youger people have chance to share more feelings from many people whom they come accross and have good time spending outside .. It is more advantageous to the younger people that they can take advises from the older people , who are more experienced with the situations , and get rid of most of the problems which they are facing ,, with these younger people solve their problems very easily and get rid of the tensions and problems and enjoy much ... But rather than these views , few argue that older people enjoy much as they are not responsible for any works or carry such burdens which wold basically create more tensions , they are tend to enjoy apart from physiacally but mentally ,,,, and younger people rather have more burdens and responsibilities of those situations they face ,, so with these views few people argue that younger people spend their life with all burdens and responsibilities ,, Finally ,, i conclude that youger people enjoy much time even though they have burdens and responsibilities , reason is that only facing active interactive life , and will be having many great moments related to their achivements along with the enjoymnet they do with lot of friends ...
(FRE,high) The issue of the extension of knowledge , of wether it is better to know about a lot of topics , or to know very much about a specific topic , requires , to be sorted out , the asumption of what do people consider good to be ? Indeed , some people will only be concerned by practical issues and will tend to regard a good thing as a usefull thing , whereas some other people will look at knowledge as a end and will be prone to learn about everything . My opinion is quite divided , and will be respectively explained according to these two points . I am actually interested in a lot a subjects , and although I chose scientific studies , I am quite intereted in art or litterary subjects , such as painting and history . In that way , I consider learning to be a real pleasure , and not a means . Even if I know that they want be usefull to achieve the vital things , it does not matter to me . Moreover , I really think that it contributes to open my mind to various people and cultures , and that it make my personnality develop . Besides , I am also interested in cars mechanics , which allow me to avoid very difficult situations ! As a consequence , being interested a lot of various topics can also be usefull , and growing one 's knowledge is never wasted time . However , I truly think that , most jobs , at a time or another , really requires an expertise a its core field , to reach an important efficiency , which implies a specialization in a specific subject . For a majority of jobs , it is needed to focus on a main issue , all the more that if something is at stake , and there is no time for unnessary things . For example , I am supposed to be an ingeneer , and it is absolutely necessary that I specialize in a field , so that I can become able to solve given complicated problematics . Every one needs to be honest and acknowledge that no one can know every thing . It is incoditionnal to specialize to reach a high level of skills , and to be good at work . To conclude I would say that it de
(TEL,high) I agree in part with the statement that It is better to have broad knowledge on many academic subjects than having speciality only in one specific subject . I give my views and opinions to my decision . Firstly , having broad knowledge in every field of academics is essential to know the different aspects of our day to day life . Like having a knowledge about Biology is essential even to a Mathematician in his daily life . Silmilarly , having knowledge about Buisiness , Art , Technologhy is also essential to him . These apply to all the fields of people , a Botanist or Zoologist needs maths for his statistical analysis and Geography to study the distribution of life . A Buisinessman should be aware of the Software programs to use in his Buisiness life . A Software Engineer also requires knowledge regarding changing costs and about the finances . On the contrary spending so much of time in studying all the fields makes his time less to master his own subject . Society needs specialists in every field of academics from Doctors , Engineers and in every field of life . Taking example of a Doctor , he needs to study all the subjects in medicine to a basic extent . Later if he specialises in a particular subject like Cardiology , Pediatrics or Gyneacology . He should have awareness of the complaints and diseases all kinds of people suffer from . Because if a women comes to a see a Cardiologist and he finds she also has a Gynaecological problem he should immediately refer her to a Gynaecologist . This shows the respect and smartness of a Doctor in dealing her overall health status . But he is a specialist and he can correct her cardiac problem alone which a nonspecialist doctor could not do . So specialisation is required in every academic subject to show maximum results of the study and master the field one is in . On the other hand basic knowledge about all the other subjects should be incured in every individual which is required in this current era .
(CHI,high) Advertisement is now regarded as one of the greatest industries in the twenty first century . The foundamental philosophies of advertisements are obvious-to create a better impression of the product the advertisement is describing in the minds of potential customers . As communication technologies and psychology theories advanced considerably over the last century , the effects and power of the advertisements outfitted with high sophisticated computer generized amazing visual scenes and sound effects , grew more and more powerful in convincing the customers that `` this '' product is wonderful , inpeccable , to a extent often exceeds the reality ! Even about ten years ago , this unbelievable strength of advertisement had emerged for a long time . I remember that when I was a child in elementary school ( probably the second grade ) , I was fascinated with the afternoon advertisement of the Little Sun beverage . The TV advertisement created a false image that the bottle of the soda , which , of course delicately decorated with wings , could really fly , and a lot of children could follow it and find a mysterious land in which they could enjoy playing there with catoon stars . However , when I got this bottle as my birthday gift , I was disillusionised that it is JUST a toy , not a creature of any kind . Therefore , I hereby denounce the tricks employed in the advertisements that beautify products inproperly . Moreover , we can see the capacity of advertisement to exaggarate the merits of the products by discussing the process of the advertisement creation . First , a market survey is conducted , in which the subconscious desires of people are analysed and taken advantage of . For example , the common illnesses are severe impediment for people who travel around all the time , so the advertisers know that if they could trigger the travelers subconcious fear of getting sick during their trips by citing a example in which a officer is assigned an extremely crucial job oversea , and any delay can cause a dreadful lose of his firm 's profit . In this case , a illness can be a so terrible happening that the person want to avoid desperately , and now , a tricky advertiser can manipulate the story . He can say that by taking a kind of medicine , the traveler avoided a disease which would bother him if he had n't eat the pills . Thereby , by constructing this plot , it seemed that the pill worth a lot , because `` without this pill , the company would lose a hundred million because the man taking responsibility would be impeded by severely illness '' , However , this impression is false and a pill is just a pill not comparable to a million dollars , but learned advertisers can link a pill with a hundred million dollars in the mind of the consumers subconsciously . As a result , the advertisment created a image that the pill which in fact worth only a cent can be as valuable as a million dollars , which is horribly better than the pill itself ! Second , the visual image produced by highly developed computer technologies entitle the advertisements to penetrate the watchers ' defenses . When we watch a advertisement , we conduct a analysis of how valuable this product is by using our past experiences and knowledges . However , those grandiose images can easily confuse our mind and hinder our ability to reason effectively . Therefore , by obstruct of own capacity of define how good a product is for ourselves , the advertisement actually confuses us and gives us a false image about the products , and the advertisers have no motivation to create the false image inferior than the reality .
(CHI,high) Fifty years have witnessed the rapid development of the car industry . Nowadays , the topic wether there will be fewer or more cars in use in twenty years than that of today has been hotly debated . Although some people hold the opinion that there will be more cars in twenty years because of the develop of the ecnomy , some people believe that the car numbers will become fewer . Personally , I am one of those believe that there will be fewer cars in twenty years . My view will be greatly sustantiated by the following discussions . The most persuasive point is that the science tecnologies are rapidly developping now . That means there will be some other veicles subsititue cars . According to some available surveys , it is said that over 60 percentages companies which are faminiar for their car producing are engaging in inventing new veicles . For example , the Toyota company in Japan has invest over 7 billions to invent new veecles , and some new productions were showed in the presentations during the past few years . Furthermore , the resouces in our planet are not allow too much cars which comsume a great mount of energy to run in our society . accompaning with the development of the groble ecnomic , more and more countries especially China consum a lot fuels . Not only do the gas has been greatly reduced but also other resurces . It is commonly believed that cars pay an important role in the reductions . If the number of cars are more that that of today , what other resouces will be provided to cars . In addition , the environments in the world areworsen now . There is a strong lik between an increasing the car numbers and the worsen pollution in our world . You imagine what it will be when almost every people drive themselves to work . Recently , the stradegy of sustainable development has been widely spreaded , Many measures relate to the policy will help the world to get fewer cars . Taking into account all these factors which sometimes correatle together to generate an integrate whole and thus become more coving than any single one of them , we may safely draw the conclusion that the car numbers will be reduced in twenty years , that means there will be fewer cars than that of today .
(GER,high) In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ? I am not able to support this point of view , ` though I wish I were ( for I do not only have no use for a car myself , but I also cars as being one of the major factors that cause the greenhouse effect and global warming ) . I will ( try to ) mention several possible arguments supporting the assumption that the number of cars will decrease , opposing each and evry one of them right away . After that , I will try to establish further arguments emphasizing my point of view . A traditional argument for the vanishing of cars has always been the worry about sufficient fuel supply . Considering the need for oil on the planet and the fact this natural resource is a limited one , either the number of cars will have to decrease ( for there will soon be no more fuel to run them ) or there will be new inventions in the field of motor vehicles ( such as hybrid or solar cars ) . The latter has been a great wish of ecologically-conscious people . Nevertheless , car lobbies ( trying to maintain their traditional market ) as well as oil lobbies ( trying to sell their last barrels of oil before they have to look for other occupations ) counteract such developments - with great success . There has not been a considerable evolution regarding motor vehicles which could end the dependency on oil : hybrid cars , for example , still use fossil fuel ( for otherewise they were ` pure ' ) ; solar cars on the contrary do n't have the ` performance ' which is demanded an wanted from a car . Still , the former alternative may be relevant : The end of oil . Opposing this argument , one has to mention that oil companies ( as stated above ) will attempt to sell all the oil available on the planet , which will take another 50 years approximately . Therefore , until oil 's gone , the cars remain and they 'll remain at least another 50 years . Another argument is that of the development of public transport , which is very easy to answer by referring to the countless remote places and regions on the planet , which will hardly ever be supplied with public transportation vehicles such as trains or busses . One rather sophisticated argument , the one I consider the most rational one , is the reference to the social ( infra ) structure of large cities , which makes cars often aviodable , e.g. by using subways or monorails . Yet , there are more than 6 billion people on the planet . Not all of them can inhabit such highly-developed cities and are therefor dependent on cars . To my very own mind , a very decisive argument is that cars do not only fulfil a purpose of trnsportation , but tey are also considered as status symbols . People want to ` show off ' with their cars . This need hav made ecocologally-poor companies like GM so successful , and in my mind must be a major argument for cars maintaining a plague on our planet .
(CHI,medium) Young People Enjoy Life As Older People Do In my opinion , old people enjoy their life as the young people . In some cases , old people will more enjoy their life than young people . Because they truly know that so precious is time that they can not affort to waste it . Some people will think that so old is the elder person , they can not do anything . But I don not agree with them . The elder people can also have a colourful life . Besides , they can do anything they like to do . For instances , they can go to dance with their partner in the old people assosiation , going to sing is also a good idea for them . By going out , they can make more friends and be happier . Sometimes , elder people can go to the children 's house to have a visit or walk in the park . As a teenager , we should take care of the elder people , which is our responsebility . Of course , young people also have their paradise . There is no denying that the most important things is that studying . As a studet , nothing is more important than to receive the education . It is our responsebility to study well . Furthermore , the teenagers can also have some thing you like to do after school . Such as do some sports , go shopping , do some reading , or listen to the music . Addicting to the computer games is not a good thing , or spending the time in drinking beer is also not good at the childern 's growing . In a word , we must value our time and life , both the young people and the old people .
(ARA,medium) Traveling is an very important aspect in our life . By traveling we can experaince another culture and traditions . Some people like to travel alone and some not , they like to travel in a groupe . Tour guide is one of the strategies that the travelars always experaince . Traveling by a group has many advantegs . First it allows a person to share the ideas which provided by the other travels and sometimes the person will learn from his group . Second a group can help each other in the bad setuations as the say `` A friend in need is a friend indeed '' . Moreover the person can have such a nice time with them especially when they are friends . Last two years , I went to the United kingdom spesificly in London . I had a great time there , but I beleive that I would have a greater time if I went with a tour guide . I did not visit everything there because I did n't know where I should go . However , my cousen visit all the muesaims and the malles there and all of that refer to the tour guide . Tour guide is beneficial for tourests because they suppoase not to know what places they should vist . Eventually , I agree with the idea that suggest to travel with a groupe especiall
(JPN,high) In the era of high technology that enables us to tranport longer distances easily using cars and ther means of transportation , we have received the considerable benefits in our daily life as well as the business activities . However , the adverse effects of using cars have brought more serious problems than the human beings ever faced , that is , the environmental problems . In my opinion , there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years due to our efforts to reduce cars and invent the alternative transportation system that is less harmful to the environment that we live in . The reasons why I think this are as follows . First , we are aware of urgently inventing alternative transportation system other than cars . In fact , the big automobile companies are now making efforts to make cars which do not depend on using petroleum to get energy to move . For example , they are now reseaching of the effectiveness of using electricity , water , and other possible means that are not harmful to the environment . These efforts will contribute to our way of life in which we do not depend on using cars . Secondly , due to the social movement to protect the environment , the government of a lot of nations are now trying to reduce the emmision of the CO2 in the air . Because cars are the main producers od CO2 and other harmful chemical components , the government from all over the world have made treaties which bind their use of CO2 . Although we need to pay attentino to the desire of the developing countries to enhance their economy , we have to propose different ways of boosting ecomnomies other than depending on using automobiles as their primary means of transportations . If all these efforts gain the results successfully , we can realize the society in which we can live in hramony with the environment as well as maintain the sustainable development of the economy . And I think this future outline is feasible . Therefore , in twnty years or so , we will be living in a world where fewer cars are used as a results of reducing the use of cars which were harmful to the environment .
(ARA,medium) In this world , it is better to have a lot of Knowledge especially in acedmeic subjects for example taking more than one subject or concentarting on more than one subject in school for your next years in the university . I agree in taking more than one academic subject for many reasons . One of the reasons is that when you take more than one academic subject you will have more knowledge and more ideas and these ofcourse would let you be accepted by many companies and so you will have a better future for you , when you marry and when you get kids , if take one subject you will have less ideas and less knowledge and so less experinece and so you will be less accepted by companies and so will not have that good future . Second reason is that when you take more than one subject you can enter many courses in the university and ofcourse you will be able to study what you want so having more and more knowledge and information . When taking one subject you would not be able to study a wide range of subjects and so you waould face aproblem is that you would face aproblem when appllying to wok and so you would affect your future . Third reason of why having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize on one subject is that most subjects and materials are related to each other and so when you concentrate on one subject only leaving alot of subjects that you did not take say in schools for example you would face a big problem in university or in college is that you will see that most subjects relay on each other even if it was a small percent and so would face problems in what are you studying and so you would have a big probabilty to fail in what you are studying which makes your future and life affected especially if you fail , but if you took alot of subjects this will help you in your university and so you will not fail and your future can be saved , and even if u you fail , you still have alot of knowledge and so you can do your own small bussiness which would save your life and future . There are many reasons but they need alot of explination , both have their advantages and disagvantage but for me i agree on studying more than one academic subject and so this would make me feel safe and comfortable .
(HIN,medium) I disagree with the very idea that in the next twenty years there will be fewer cars in use then there are today . Instaed of decrease it is better to expect that as the standard of life is getting fairer and fairer by the pasage of time one should expect tremendous increase in uses of cars . At the begining of this century when the cars were a symbol of status a few percentage of the global population has financial condition to bear the costs of cars . Out of these few percentage majority were from North America and European countries . However as the more number of nation started gatting independence and as the globalisation magnified , the scenario took a complet u turn . Take the example of China and India which have population two thirds of the world population . With ther booming economy one can easily guess the gigantic increse the use of cars in these two nations alone . If other poor asian and african countries also join the league of these two nation , an with ever lasting western countries , one can just imagine what will be the scenario Take the number of car manufacturing companies that have increased hundreds fold over the past century . Now to survive in this battle of fierce competition and outway other one , one can expect the prices of car to be down to such a point that one would not have ever imagined in his or her wildest dreams . The prices of car would be in the domain of common man pockets . Cars which were once considered to be the priveleges of richer section of society will be common day entity to common people . With the ever incresing technological advances one could also expect greater incresrse in use of cars . Say besides providing other common facilities that a car , which is made for common people provides , if the averages of the cars are increased many times from the current value and if the life time efficiency of cars are incresed more , one can surely say a huge increase in the use of cars . So going by all the norms one can safely say more cars to be in use then ever in the next twenty years .
(SPA,low) i am relly agree some times i dont like a person that is teling you what you need to do or what you have to do but some times ir really interesting that they take you to the inportant places because if you go alone you have to be asking questionst to evry body so they cant telkl you the good places to go or the place that you should have to go . One time when i lgo wit my dad the first time that y went to see tne sea it was very interesting but i dident know alot of thinks because i was to little so i was asking questions every time that want happend that if you dont know something you will ask but is diferent if you go whit seme one that he know the places that you are going and the informations ant the thimks that you have to take during the certain timew thsat you are going to be in the travel is a very importantb tink to go whit some that he already know abaut the situations he is goint to tell you lest go to this place because is more interesting ore you cand do more fun thinks that anly be in a room in a hotel or driving aroud town thats why i like to have somene that help me too know betere and more interestin place one time i went to california i was very exciting my aunt leave there but i was taveling by my self and i dident know i was really doing becouse i didet know many thinks of the place and allt he good stuff that you cand do in california that was a very interesting place i was visited all the most important places with my ant aunt and my cousins so it was a good time but i wil prefer to have a guide that cant tell me what i really have to do
(FRE,medium) In the course of they studies , people are often confronted to a dilemma : should they focus on a single subject or study a broad variety of topics ? Let me examine arguments in supports of the two options , and finally I 'll explain why an intermediate answer is needed . In the harsh competion of modern world , finding a job often requires a high level of knowledges and performance , which can be achieved only by focusing on a speciality . I also personnally ca n't help covering a subject in its totallity whwn I have begun to study it , else I fell frustated I had better not to start ! However , although being highly specialized and knowing little aside can ensure you a good job and intellectuall fullfillment , it can be very disturbing in your social life . Imagine you meet someone specialized in engineering while you are spezialized in music , there can be no conversation between both of you ! The range of people you are likely to meet anf appreciate would be very short ... And even regarding jobs , let 's think a bit further : to the extend a company uses to develop its products various fields , its technitians must know enough about the others speciality in order to work together . For example , if a telescope manufacturer 's opticians are unable to communicate with the mechanists to share their needs and constraints , the company will never be able to manufacture any instrument . That 's why I think we ca n't really give a sharp answer to the question . We need to be specialized for certain things as job and academic career , but an enjoyable everyday life requires that everybody knows a little about everything . In can be extremely important , have a look for example at the nuclear debate : here are some decisions to be taken that ca n't be left to specialists only , as every person is higly concerned . There are several ways between the two extrem positions , and people sould be allowed to choose the specialization grade that suits them .
(GER,high) In a societey fixed on issues like youth and beauty , quite often people think that enjoying life is a matter of age , or better said a matter of not being old . When you look at TV commercials for example , you will find it suprisingly hard to find older people enjoying a joy - ride in the new Range Rover rather than young and good looking adults . On the other hand if there are reports about the elder it is mostly about poverty or illness , or other issues old people are likley to get in contact with . But this is as many things in our society a misleading thought . If one watches closer it is not that hard to find the complete oppsite of what was written befor . A lot of old people actually enjoy their life , despite of the picture some might have of them . On one hand they have got a lot of time because the do not have to work anymore and on the other hand they use that time much better as the generations before them . A whole new market with special offers made exclusivley for elders has developed . Sports , travelling or social work is part of that huge variety . So enjoying your life is not a question of age rather than a question of willingness to do so . There are of course a lot of older people who would call there life boring and not very enjoyable but you will find young people with the same opinion . As a matter of fact the whole issue of enjoying life is a question of your finacial background as well . It is obvious that for some older people it is hard to get along with their small pensions as it is for young unemployed or under qualified people . Taking these idears together you will come to the conclusion that young people do not enjoy their lifes more the olders do or the other way around . Being old is no reason to have less pleasure living , and being young is no free - ticket to happiness . So basicly enjoying life is up to you , because if you are not making the best out of what you got , nobody will do .
(KOR,high) I do not agree with this statement that understanding ideas and concepts is more valuable to students than learning facts . I do not deny the importance of understanding ideas and concepts , but there are several reasons to students continue to concentrate on learning facts . First of all , ideas and concepts are theoretical definitions . Even students can understand study concepts and main ideas , if they cannot apply them to real society , it is useless . There are so many things possessing gap between concept and fact . If students concentrate on only understanding ideas and concepts , it is easy for them to study just artificial area . Can you imagin a class without case study ? It is impossible . Even the mathematics textboox has examples of real life . It is because the importance of the fact . Students can be motivated from real examples and they can find the reason why they are studying . Suppose that a student learned government . He or she do not understand fully what government do and why it is needed in the society . After he or she accessed numerous articles dealing with goverment , they would percieve importance of government 's role . It is hard to understanding ideas and concepts without learning facts . There are so many theories and studies extended for a long time , and people should know how they can apply studies to real life . Difficult theories and study results usually from the experiment of facts . People cannot reach the eventual ideas or concepts without learning facts . Ideas and concepts existing for facts . Learning facts will provide people motivation of ideas and concepts . Consequently , it also makes people continue to think about new ideas and concepts . Through learning facts , people would have question about them and try to solve them , and finally , could achieve genuine results of study . Therefore , understanding ideas and concepts without learning facts is not efficient to students .
(SPA,high) it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject area because it it gives a broader view on life and the different aspects of it > having knowledge in many different areas allows an individual to understand how people think and why they think as they do > this is very important in life because it helps people get through life safely and soundly without much conflict > when an indicidual has achieved knowledge in several sectors of the academic spectrum he or she can view life and everything in life from many different angles and perspectives > having a broader knowledge can help you empathize with different people in different times and in different places > having a good knowledge of history for instance helps a person understand why certain events in history took place and why people thought the way they did duing those times > having a broad knowledge in math helps a person understand how the world is connected and how the flow of ideas works > understanding math allows a person to undertand the true value of things and the meaning of many questions and values > a great knowledge of philosophy allows a person to govern him or herself and learn vituosity and morality > now when all these areas are combined together < a person can view life from a numerical sense < a historical sence < and a metaphysical sense > this allows for better interpretations of events < problems and so forth in that could come up in life > if a person is only educated in one subject area < he or she will be confined and contricted to one way of thought and one way of understanding or analyzing situations and problems > when only one academic area is studied the learner will become a prisone of that area and will therefore be a close minded person > the world todqy is filled with close minded people < these are the people who are causing corruption and a potential threat to the word as a whole > this is why citizens of the world should fight illiteracy and work on manking evey mind an open mind in order to make this world a better place for everyone >
(FRE,high) The statement refers to the difference between understanding and illustrating . I partly agree with this statement . Being able to analyse as well as understand ideas and concepts is a crucial part of academic achievements . Understanding concepts do not only confers students the ability to analize a situation but also to adapt this concept to other contexts . Indeed , the role of a concept is to provide a broad base of understanding . This intellectual exercise is part of the process that enable the student to switch from theoretical considerations to practical considerations . This process is possible only through the concepts . Consequently I think that we should consider concepts as more important regarding the fact that they are part of a constructive process . We have seen above than the concept is a precious tool for the understanding process . However , this tool must first be understood in itself . And at this stage , factual elements remain crucial . A concept is reliable only if it is illustrated by facts . Therefore , I consider as also important that students learn facts because it represents the only way to understand concepts . For example , a concept has no value without a broad factual basis . Therefore , facts are important too for students . As a conclusion , I would say that understanding concept is more important for students as a way to be able to analyse a situation . However , factual elements seem crutial as a way to understand concepts . My consideration on the comparative importance of the two elements would be to consider them as part of a unique process . Thus , considering concepts without any references to factual elements seems useless . Also , considering facts without joining it with concepts make any global operative approach imposssible .
(ITA,medium) This is not completely true . Indeed , I think that the success is reacheble by the both ways . Some people build emperors doing the same thing all life long , quite as a south-italian farmer emigrated to Canada after the World War II . In Italy he was a well known mozzarella producer , and once he estabilished himself in Canada he began the same activity , with the same method , day after day , and now he is one of the most rich man of the country , exporting his famous mozzarella throughout North America . Maybe nowadays in a such competitive market this kind of experience has become rare , because of the globalization involving all the 5 continents that causes the rise of new competitors everywhere and because of the growth of the multinational company with uncountible capitals . What insetad is real , in this statement ' is that in our own life , fossilize ourselves is a practise to avoy . A new idea , a different vision of life , market , and so on , can cause a sudden success into our work place , family , group of friend or even into our school , and is important to elevate ourselves from the regular level of people in order to hang a better position into this selective society where almost everyone has the possibility to study , to find a job , to be competitive in a single word . A clear example of this situation is the advertising world . How can I convince people to buy my product ? how can i make them understand that my product is better than others ? With ads obviously , but we are surrounded by ads ! In the streets , on television , on the radio , on newspapers , on the web , during sport events , everywhere basically , and as a consequence of this , people is no more pay attention to ads . So an advertiser must find something new , something that attract the attention of the crowd , and so he has to take risks , to innovate his approach . Who stands on his position too long , will fail for sure . So in conclusion i think that the sentence of the topic fits most of the aspects of our society , but is not to take as a law .
(TEL,low) For students is more imporatant to understand ideas and concepts from learn facts only . Students normally do same mistakes ragularly . We can avoid this situation by analysing the learn facts . using learn facts students can estimate our regular activites . In our day to life lot of lot of incidents or occured , by depending on these incidents we can do our daily work . For example if we can do any mistake than we can analyse what we do that helps to increases our ideas and concepts . Not only students every one must concentrates on our ideas that reflects our behaviour . So students put ur past experiance put in your present experiment and get a future expectation . By followng learn facts , improving our thinking efficiency and also we cant do any mistakes repetedly . Every students identifies our regular activites from learn facts . This is very much helpfull not only in regular activities is helpfull in studies . If we can analyse from learn facts than improving our skills because we cant do same mistakes againe and againe .. The students are naturally do same mistakes in exams because they are are not much concentrates on subject . Than second time we can rectify our problem by learn facts . If students follow these concept increses their efficiency and thinking power , mainly they are not do the same mistakes againe . Than students life going on very happy and joyfull . So every one concentrates on our learn facts , that helpfull to acheive the success in our life . From learn facts students also learn what can we do , what is our aim , thus learn facts resembles the our activites . So past events much helpfull in our day to life . That creates a our life brihgtly . Finally I can stated that students must be undersatand ideas and concepts from learn facts only .
(TUR,high) Young people enjoy life more than older people do . Being a young person and comparing my self to my grandparents , I have some reasons to support that idea . First of all , younger people do n't face that many difficulties from the beginning of their life . As the time passes by , we learn the life and we face difficulties , sadness , heartbreaks and so on . And this can steal a lot from someone 's energy for living . Secondly just because young people have more time to live ( in normal conditions ) , they have more time to make their dreams come true . So they do n't stop expecting and this makes them better enjoy the life . But for example my grand father who 's already 83 years old , do n't have any expactation . He thinks that he will die soon , he lost his power and will for life . Also , if not married , young people do n't have as many responsabilities as they would have when they get married . They do n't need to think of their children . When they want to do someting , for example travelling , they do n't need to think if they need to take care of someone who 's staying home . But for example for my parents it is never easy to do immediately what they want to do . They think of me and my brother , they think if we need them they can not be on our side and this makes feel them bad . Also my father has big responsabilities of his work , he ca n't quit whenever he wants to . Finally , it is also very common that older people have more health problems . As they get older , they are coming closer to the end of life and this gives them bad feeelings and keeps them away from enjoying the life . In conclusion , I would say that even if I will get older , I never want to stop enjoying life . If I 'm retired and in good financial situation , I can travel to see the world , I can keep expacting for my children or even grand children and if I have the power , I would spend my energy for the charity foundations . I believe making other people happy and providing them a better life would always make me enjoying the time I 'm living .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the following statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . Successful people always try for new things because for successful people sucecess is not small thing they feel success like `` thirst '' , so they go on searching for new things and they very eager to take risk and succedd in that what they do . The people with success donot do what they already know because what is the use in doing the known thing always and keep on doing that is a waste of time the successful people donot waste time as time is precious for them . Take example of our scientists who are successful in one topic also successful in another topic also , becuse they donot want to stop there research and they are not doing their reseach for name and fame , so they will go on doing their work until their death . Risk taking is another good task of the successful people because successful people always take risks and the way they handle the risks differs from the normal people and thats why they are successful . Trying new things and risks handling are the tasks of successful people , because a normal man things the same way he thinks every time because he donot want to take risks he comprimises with what he had , the successful person is the one who thinks in the different way and takes risks and he owns the credit of it . And with out trying how can we say that they are successful people by trying and greater innovation only leads a person to success . With the above points i agree with successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
(JPN,medium) I really like to travel around the world . I can see a beautiful place taht I have ever seen and have a lot of valuable experiences . There are many kinds of styles when we go traveling . I can not agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide for the following reasons . To begin with , the way of traveling in a group led by a tour guide has less time that we can spend free . Most of these trips have very tight schedule . We have to see the famous place more quickly and we can not choose the gift for our friends or parents slowly . In my opinion , traveling should be more flexible and reluxing . In addition , the way of traveling in a group led by a tour guide has little chance to happening . I think that happning is very important factor to enjoy trip . When I went to Italy with my friend , I meet one Italian chef in a bus by chance . We enjoyed talking and then we can eat Italian foods in his house . It was very delicious . In conclusion , I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
(TEL,low) I agree that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts then it is for them to learn facts . In a student age it is very much essential to get a idea and concept on the subject before learning facts . For example maths is a subject where we shoud have an idea and the concept ie logical thinking of how we should do the problem . If we dont have concept of how to do addition then how can we proceed furrter . Concept is like a root to devolop furter . When a student can understand about the idea and about the concept it is very much easy to learn about the fact . The student if he starts understanding the concept and idea he can never forget the things . witout a concept studying is simply muging up . When the student starts understanding about the idea and the concept of a subject it is very much easy for him to learn . At the student age only our main idea and the concept starts . If a student is learning anything without a concept is something like root without a stem . Whenever we want do something we shoud have an idea of what to do in a similar manner whenever a student is studying or doing any practical he shoud have an idea of wat to do and concept of it and then think about the facts . Many students loose the oppurtunities because of lack of devoloping ideas , and lack of concept in the subject . I feel if we have an idea and concept on the subject it is very much easy to learn . Secret of success of many students because of there conceputial way of studying . I conclude that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
(SPA,high) Undoubtedly , this is one of the most trite debates that have taken part in the last decades . After dedicating a big part of my energies to dealing with this so intricate topic , I reached the conclusion that the election between specializing or multiplying knowledge depends on a more deep debate , which is choosing between good education ( and here I refer to Good with capital letters ) and economic success . Postmodern era has brought with it the problem of defying traditional views not only about the organization of the world but mainly about the virtues of certain kind of knowledges . While in the ancient eras it was easy to grasp different disciplines , the huge increase in the mass of science production that took place during the XIX and XX th. centuries really difficulted the possibility of dealing with different types of knowledges . Today , it seems to be that certain disciplines are clearly priviledged in the market . Specialization is not only very valued in companies ( that may need engineers or marketing professionals ) , but in the academic world . Although it seems to be reasonable in terms of efficiency ( the more you mechanically know anything about something , the faster you find a solution or give a response to a certain problem ) , it does not appear to be the same when facing unconventional or even life challenges . In this last sense , I think that multidisciplinary knowledge can add value to one 's education . Holistic visions of situations may help to deal with more complex problems and may provide people with mental frameworks for acting in different scenarios and in front of different kinds of people . My experience has shown me that the more specialized you are , the more difficulty you find to understand problems that may go a bit beyond your perspective . Moreover , you tend to see life through the lens provided by the discipline you are expert in . This was very frequent for me at university , where I used to talk to professors that tended to refuse or discard theories that took ideas from other areas of knowledge . Typically , for Political Scientists all problems arise from politics , and from Economists everything has to do with economics . It appears to be very simplistic my statement , but I really had to pass over those situations when pursuing a multidisciplionary degree ( International Affairs ) and dealing with PhD professors from very different areas . Unfortunately , this surplus I perceive in broad knowledge is not valued by market and , as I said before , it may be almost legitime in terms of rapid efectiveness . However , I do not think the debate is over . On the contrary , I think it will evolve in tandem with the evolution or cycles of human advances . In the while , my curiosity and eagerness for really understanding all this lead me to buy books on Astronomy , zapping between National Geographic and History Channel , or listening to Religion lectures . So far , it has been very fruitful for my life .
(HIN,high) Now a days young people are more occupied with their needs and wants . They usually get less time to serve for their community . Individualism is spreading across the globe and youngsters are getting most affected by it . They are becoming more selfish and care about only few people around them . This makes them indifferent to the problems of the community . The needs and wants of the young people are increasing at a very high rate . Thus , they spend less time doing community work . The high level expectations of youngsters out of themselves make them study and work harder . This leaves them with less time to help others . Though the young people are getting more conscious about their enviornment and people around them , they consider the problems associated with the community and the enviornment less important than their own problems . They consider personal enjoyment more important than societal development . This can be seen by example of lesser number of younsters who go for social service than number of youngsters who party quite often or study more . In some segment of society , young people now are more distracted by the modernization of the society . They prefer to go to a party or hang out with friends as compared to help their parents in their work . In other segment of the society , the decrease in concern for the community is also due to increased pressure from their parents . Now parents are more concerned about future of their children and thus nurture them to study and work for more hours . This results in less interaction of the children with the society and hence , less concern for the community . The pressure from the society and parents make them introvert and selfish . But sometimes the youngsters do help their communities by inventing new things and implementing new ideas . For example , some young scientist may invent a machine which can efficiently remove hazardous materials from water in lesser cost . This invention does help society . Youngsters now a days do not help their communities much . Instead they prefer either to party or study . They have developed selfish attitude . Though in some cases they help their communities indirectly by their inventions , but that happens occassionally .
(GER,high) It is true that facts could be helpful sometimes . It is for example quite good to know some important dates of history or some names of important politicans . However , I completely agree with the statement that it has a bigger effect for students to understand ideas and concepts ! There are several reasons why I think so . One is that if a student really understands a concept he can adopit it to new issues or circumstances . A good example is the concept of fieldwork , the basic method in anthropology . If I had learnt just the facts about that method , for example who invented it and so on , I would have had a lot of problems during my first real fieldwork in Cameroon . But because I learnt the concept and ideas behind , I could adopt it do my specific situation . Another reason why I prefer understanding concepts to learning facts is that during that process of understanding you will made up your own opinion and you will create your own ideas . So understanding is an important basis or fundament for further research questions or further thoughts in other areas and by the way you will learn all the important facts anyway , I am sure . As a last reason it is just much more interesting to learn concepts than facts . So all the classes and books I have taken or read which were based on concepts and ideas , I really loved . And I can still remember the things and topics written in these books ! But the facts I had to learn for some multiple choice tests I forgot the day after .. For all these reasons I think it is much more efficient and fascinating to learn and understand ideas and concepts on scientific issues during university time . And , after all , I think it will be much more useful for a further academic or other kind of career .
(FRE,medium) In todays business , advertisements has become the most powerfull tool to sell a product or a service . This advertisement has reach a certain point where sometime it gives a product certains futures that seem to be better than the product is really . In the past days we have experience few of these situations where after an advertisement of a bathroom cleaners which are very powerfull , they can cut the grease , remove any kind of dirts and unclog any bathtub ; turn to not be true after using them . Onother exemple is my underwear that I bougth base on the advertisements ; which suppose to be very strong , color resistant , lasting for long time , was discolored after the fisrt laundry . After two weeks of using them they become so weak that they start tearing into small parts . The most disapointing situation that i have experienced is my car , which i bought by looking an advertisement in a newspaper . It describe this car bieng very strong , confortable in driving with a warranty of about fourty thounsend milles on breaks . After ten thousend milles of driving , this care was not drivable again . The breaks need to be replace , the wheels started chaking ; and almost every thing need to be replace in this car . Base on a personal experience , I agree that most advertisements make some products seem much better than they really are .
(CHI,low) Travel in a group led by a tour guide is the best way I think . Now , there are many travel group , they can led your travel to everywhere . After a long time work , you must be very tired . Now , you can have a rest , find a travel group to somewhere you want go . During the travel , the guide can tell you mang thing about the place where you go . You can know many interesting things . In the group , you can make many friend from everywhere ( maybe you can make a girl friend ! ) . During this trip , you cannot feel unhappy . You can make many photo where you see . Remain the beautiful sences . In the future , you can take it out and think what interesting things happened at that time . In a word , I like travel in a group led by a tour guide . You do not worried about where I travel , where is interesting . I can play without any
(GER,high) This is a problem , which can not be answered just with `` yes '' or `` no '' or in a few words . There surely are examples for both : young people who help their communities and who do not . Young people who do not give enough time to helping their communities may not be integrated strong enough in this community . Maybe their parents have little time due to their jobs or because they do not want to spend much time with their kids . So the kids only do the things they want , meet friends , have fun , but do not think about responsibility . Often kids whose parents do not spend enough time for them feel more responsible for their friends than for their parents and the community they come from . A big problem that can occur related to this are gangs . The kids believe that solely their friends are important and they do n't have any responsibility against other parts of the society . But this way they build up a new community and spend much time to helping this community . But other kids are more integrated in the community of the adults . They do much for their village or region . For example they are in a sports club or train in the firefighter 's youth-section . I think the major problem is the behaviour of the adults , especially the parents , and how the kids are treated in their community . If young people know that the adults need them and the adults show that they are proud of what the kids do for the community , the young people will spend more time to helping their community . But if the adults do not spend enough time with the kids and maybe their community too , the kids will act the same way .
(ITA,high) I think that there is a difference between how young and old people express the way they enjoy life . Not everyone expresses this kind of emotion by accompanying it with the stereotypical connotation of `` enjoying life '' such as carefree days , endless laughs and no responsabilities . For this reason I do not agree with the statement that younger people enjoy life more than older people . As a matter of fact , I think older people can develop subtler , more refined and , why not , more precious ways of appreciating life . Young people , most of the time , are bound to a definition of fun that is imposed by the media , which involves concerts , all-night partying , strenuous lifestyles and the idea that `` someone , somewhere , is having more fun than I am '' . This makes most young people feel compelled to do more and more in order to show others that they are enjoying themselves rather then actually cherish their experiences . Older people learn in time that enjoying life can be associated with more relaxed and `` tailored '' activities , such as hobbies or brief holidays . I think that it might be even easier for some older people to enjoy life firstly because they can count on more financial stability and secondly because they have a lot less time to dedicate to themselves , which makes this time a lot more valuable . Hobbies are activites people cultivate over long periods of time , and the passion with which they nurture them is a very good example of how much a person can enjoy him or herself . I consider holidays as another good example . When young people go on holiday , they tend to lead a lifestyle very similar to that that awaits them at home - if not more stressful ; going out every night , staying up very late , `` trying a bit of everything '' . Older people have less time to travel but more money to spend on their trips , which enables them to choose destinations and vacation types that will make them get the most out of that limited time and , at the end of the day , `` enjoy life '' more .
(KOR,high) Travel can be a good present to a person who is tired or bored with an ordinary busy life . It can be a time for a new adventure or a time for taking a rest . Some people prefer traveling with a group and a tour guide . Others choose a trip by themselves or with their family and friends . Personally , I prefer to travel with my family and friend or just by myself without a tourguide . Trip in a group with a tour guide can be cheaper because of possible group discounts and agency deals . Also , I do n't need to do my research for the place I want to visit during the trip . All I need to do is to show up the place where I am supposed to meet a group and a tour guide and to follow predetermined schedule . It sounds very convenient . However , there is limited freedom in a group tour . I may not visit the places I wish to go , must wait for others , can not eat the restaurant I choose , and can not change schedules even if I want to . Furthermore , I am usually not able to choose a group I am with nor a tour guide . If I am unlucky , that trip can be a pain to bear with somebody uncomfortable . When I was in school , I visited Bangkok with a group led by a tour guide . The reason I chose the group tour was that it was a very good deal . There were 35 individuals in my group in different ages . Frankly speaking , it was very unpleasant because there were some people distracted . They spent too much time on shopping and rest of us had to wait for them . Because a tour guide get a commission , he did n't stop them rather encourage them to purchase more . I wasted a lot of time in the bus waiting for others . Also , I could n't eat the restaurant I wanted to eat . I could n't stay a place long enough I enjoy the view . Besides of above reasons I pointed out , I want to have some good memories which will last long after the trip . For a group tour , I do n't need to do any research for the trip except checking schedules . Thus , there are not a lot of memories I can have later . I would like to have a travel with full of unpredicted events . I may visit places nobody else visit since no tour guide goes there . There could be some challenges . But through overcoming them , I will improve myself more . Thus , the best way to travel for me is definitely not in a goup led by a tour guide .
(TEL,medium) In general public there is a preconcieved notion that once people become older they are free from all problems , and responsibilities hence they enjoy their life very much but i do not agree with this idea because , i believe that the older one becomes the responsibilities and problems they need to deal with increases . For instance take one example of a successful person having irresponsible children . when he was young he only had to look after his carrer which was successful so he does not bother about other things and can actually enjoy his success , where as once he becomes older he should not only look after himself , infact he has to look after his irresponsible child . so he has another responsibility and as well as a problem to mend his child ways , so he will not be able to enjoy his life once he becomes older . another example is that the older people allways have a fear in thier minds that they will die soon or later which would definitely hamper them from enjoying thier life . another thing is that older people dont have physical strength . they can not concentrate on a particular thing . younger people can actually enjoy their life if they organise their life properly because they dont have any responsibilities . even if they have any responsibilities or problems they have the strength to deal with these . which comes by virtue of their age .
(ARA,low) Successfull persons are risk-taker . They venture with new thing . This does not mean that they are careless or overself - confident , in contrast they like to cooperate and they seek advice and help from specialized persons . successfull people are not only seeking for new experiences , defying obstacles and hardship but also trying to be creative . A new experience is what trigger these persons to show to themselves and to the whole world their success . dealing with new business or starting a new research project are some example of challenging path to follow . Defying obstacles and hardship is what makes the route to success very special . It is not a lay man quality to defy difficulties and find solution for hard situation . Successful persons have the slogan `` There is no gain without pain '' . In addition , these persons love creativity and they are always looking for new ways to kill boredom and routine caused by things th
(HIN,high) success is often measured by the amount of money one has or the number of propeties one owns or the number of cars one has . nowdays people have ample oppertunities to prove themselves in varios fields of their choice and generally they venture into jobs which have been tested over a period of time and thereby reducing their chances of failure . according to me successful people are those poeple who willing to take risks and are ever ready to try new things . according to me risk equals reward and the more risk you take the better will be your reward . when a person tries a new venture he does not know what the outcome would be and therefore he works extremely hard in order to make it function properly . taking the examle of the stock market where the risk factor is extremely high since you know you could easily loose money if the market collapses , and then you look at the returns generated through the market which happen to be far more than what you would have earned putting your money in a banks fixed deposit . many people in todays world have made career decisions not according to norms laid down by earlier societies which confined people to choose between becoming a doctor , or businessman , or accountant . etc but today even people such as artisans , computer enigeers , pilots , artists to name a few are doing incredibly well since recent societies demand diversity and if you choose a profession which is likely to become a hit with society then you know that your risk or gamble paid off since you will be successful .
(FRE,high) I agree with the general statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . Young westerners are more likely to study in universities than were their parents . These studies are often organized in such a way that during school year , little time is left for non academic endeavors . It is often perceived by students as a challenge to manage one 's involvment with non profit organizations , just to take an example I am familiar with . Furthermore , society as a whole has changed . Back in the old days , it was common , even in big cities , to find local communities people were part of and participated in . Districts were akin to villages where pretty much everyone knew each other . It definitely had a provincial twist that has been lost since , and which some older folks I know do bitterly regret . Nowadays , these local communities , this common sense of civic involvment , are much rarer . Big cities have become increasingly anonymous , it is not uncommon to find entire buildings where neighbors do not know each other and seldom greet when they meet in the staircases . The sense of community has waned , just like the one of benevolence . As a consequence , young people have become less prone to helping people they increasingly consider as mere foreigners . Finally , young people , in their attitudes , their value systems , their dedications , illustrate what society holds dear as a whole . It is my opinion that consumerism , materialism have taken over part of what spirituality and religion have lost . It is now commonplace to meet young people who spend time most of their free time entertaining themselves . Unlike societies where being involved in the community is a requirement for being socially accepted , in many parts of the western world , it is not so anymore . As a consequence , the young feel less pressured by their peers to engage in helping their communities . Watching TV , playing video game , calling friends on the cell phone , these are the activites that define the
(CHI,medium) Some people believed that older people enjopy life less than young people , because the young people are active , erengetic and maybe have more time . But in my opinion , it is not ture , there are at least three reasons for my believe . First of all , most older people have their clear goals for their lives , after more experience , they know more the more meaning of lives , and know themselves more . Then they could easily choose their type of ilves based on the real surroundings . It is exciting and meaningful thing to churse up the goals they have . So they will feel enjjoyful during the time to get goals . Another important reason of my believe is that the older people have more chance to do the things they want , because they have ability to arrange their time and have enough money to help the ti \ hing they want come true . For instance , many people like travling , no matter young people or older ones , but the young people it is much more difficult to have a comfort trip than older people . Obveriously , the young must face to much problems , The last but no least reason for me is the older people experience more will understand more fact of the problem in everyday lives , they can easilly face to the bad things which cannot change , avoid bad things before it happened , solve the problem which had been happened . On the other hand , older people cherish the beautiful moment more than the young people , because they understand it is difficult to have the changce . So in front of the real life , even bad things happened , older people will have more enjoythings to do
(HIN,medium) Ideas concepts and facts . they are 3 diffrent meanings altogether . Ideas and concepts could be improvised from time to time . Facts keep thier stance . Ideas cannot be taught are laerned they have to be brought up by the individual themselves . Concepts can be taught and from there can be implied on any given situation . Facts remain as facts cannot be changed or improvised unless disproven by proof . Students should learn both in a manner that can be used in the future . Ideas and concepts supported by facts can make a innovation . Agreeing with the topic saying that ideas and concepts are more important than facts are more important . Facts can also be learned by experience , good or bad . if learning by a good experience is good , but laerning with a bad experience could be harmful or irreversible . When a child is told smoking is bad because is causes all sorts of cancer and other life threating dieases . The child defies his parents and still continues the habbit and then realizeis he is too late for the change is bad . This is a sort of fact which should be taught . People often tell lies to escape a situation . What they dont realize is that they tell one lie which leeds to another . Then at the end the truth is heard out . For saying that lie he is punished in resulting in a suspenion or a firing from work . The fact in this is that do not lie . in learning a concept and an idea a lot can be learnt . when we learn something new we understand it and use it in our daily lives . We can improvise it on using that idea on diffrent things . The human body is like a business . The concept here is on simple business deman and supply and supply chain . The stomach requires raw materails to produs the produst which is energy . Exess of this product can be used to make a better image of the company which is you expample a better body . Then there is a office of the company which is your brain . There is the market reasearch department which is your senses . In this exaple i have just demonstrated how i have linked my concept of biology and business to co-relate which each other . Hence i will disagree about the point .
(ITA,medium) Firstly , In my personal opinion is better to know few things about all of the general knowledge instead that know a very lot of things but about just a little field . But for this reason the person should be ready for say something about all field of the talking arguments . Secondly , i think that one person choses to start the universitary studies that person have done the choice of indicate in which specialization it wanna work and for this reasons i recon a people decided to begin its walk inside one academic program that person should be ready for take a study path for its future job . Basicly , i wanna say that during the secondary school a person should have a general preparation about the jobs and during the academic life that person choses its specialization . For these reasons i thing that to study many subjects are very important but not when a person is 20 years old but when a person is in the secondary school while during the academic life a person that chooses its path should study only what that person wanna study . Basicly i recon is better to have a punctually selection of courses inside the academic program and i hope that the university in the future will start to recon a person must study only what it want . For example i have to study a lot of different subjects in my university because my engeniring program is very huge and for become automation engeniring i have to study subjects that are very different but the problem is that when the academic program jumps from a thing to another and when these two things are very different a student could lost his target and if an academic program wanna construct with a lot a no connected pieces it is very difficult to understand where that program bring ... I do not want to explain how the university should work but just that if an university control if its program connected each subjects is the better thing for the students but also an academic program must provides to understand to final target of the course that a student has taked . Finally , the academic subjects must be thinked of the student 's path and they do not thinked over the single subjects and there is also important to understand that the student normally not have clear ideas about his target and the orientation studies are also important for decide where a student wanna arrive at the last of his studies .
(TUR,low) Knowladge is eveything I agree with this view . This view is it is better to have broad knowladge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . There are very unknow events in the world . It is believed that whatever scientist can find them . Govermants are always support them . Because if they find a solution for unknow events , humans will be well day by day . For instance , one of the most unknow events is space . We still do n't know aliens to be or not to be in our solar system . Altough a lot of people such as scientist or resarchers try to find a solution for it , they can not a solution for it yet . Also , the people who are scientist try to find a new energy source without petrol or electiric . They found h2 for cars or bus . Cars or bus work well without petrol owing to h2 . in my opinion , one of the most important invention is that . In this way , envoriment is protected by people because h2 is n't harmful for nature . All in all , thera are a lot of unknow events in the world . Scientist have to find a solution for them . If scientists or resarchers find something like a treatment for cancer or fliying car , people will be more healthy and people live easily .
(TUR,medium) According to me successful people try new things and take risks . If someone wants to be good at anything , he has to do something original . original things take attention and people care about them For instance , let 's assume a group of students working on synthesizing a chemical compound that can be used as a drug for cancer . Every student works on the synthesis without asking or questioning whether this compound is experienced before or analyzed in a laboratory . In this case , if a student wants to analyze , this will differ him from the others . This one asks the work and thinks the consequences of this synthesis and also questions whther it will be used practically . The compound can not be used because of its structure or may not have the specialities to be used as a drug . In spite of the fact that , questioning either the situations in which people are or the works which people do , provides some one to improve himself . As in this example , the student who wants to analyse , besides synthesis , may learn about the analyzing methods . This a simple purpose for improving himself . From another aspect , everone can not take risks easily . Generally people are afraid of the consequenses . But on the other hand , by evaluating the advantages or disadvantages of a new way ( a new route to synthesis for instance ) or a different solution to a problem , may result sufficiently . So trying another synthesis route may have risks . Due to the fact that , the chemicals are difficult and dangerous to deal with , chemical reactions shoul be considered very carefully . But with a good research a student can change the way of synthesis . Finally , people have risks all the time in life . To be succesful , people should take risks with cryticisizing every aspect . In addition to that , Questioning leads to learn more . In today 's world , the more knowledge , the more success . Competition in every area force people to take risks and to improve themselves to survive . In order to live in better conditions , people should try new things . Unless they ` regenerate ' themselves , life can not be a place to live , to survive .
(ITA,low) In the last years , car has became an useful means of transportation , for example in order to travel or to go at work . Moreover , car has improved life 's people . I and my family have only one car but this means come used several times . For example , I use car in order to go outdoor with my friends or in order to go at supermarket for shopping . In regard of statement that affirm that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , I partially agree . I think that car , even today , is one of the most means of transportation used and I think that this means will be even in the future , even if much people prefer use alternative means , like for example train or airplane in order to speed the travel . But , in the future , can happen that , if the price of petroleum increase very much , people will not use car in order to not spend much money . In conclusion , there are two different points of view in regard to the use of car . There are people that affirm that in the future there will be not more cars respect to today ; instead , there are other people that think that cars will continue to be used even in the future . As I saw earlier , I agree with the last point of view , but I think also that use of car will depend by what will be happen in the future in regard to economic elements , in particular the price of petrolium .
(TEL,medium) Every humanbeing is born with brains , but intellegence develops only when an individual think and sharpen the ideas . In turn the ideas and concepts develop mainly from the facts people learn in their past . Facts and ideas are the cousins in aspects , but coming to the point I strongly disagree that it is more important for the students to undersatnd ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts in following situation such as in their school life , professional life and in personal life . I deas only come from the facts people come across . Firstly , the school life is filled with all books . The books guide the students to follow the rules to acheive the good results , they are nothing but all facts for an example , if we take a science class that people will be exposed to organisms if they are near any people who has communicable disease that is the fact . It has nothing to do with the ideas . Secondly , the professional life . In professional life like for an instance a scientist student though he have to think an idea to acheive new aceivement he have to follow the facts he learned before . His concepts and ideads might stand on the other hand , but the fact is important and it is the base step to acheive his idea or a new concept . Finally , even in the student 's personal life the facts are important than their own ideas . They have to believefirst on the fact for an exampleif the student think he can
(KOR,high) Cars in the modern world are one of the most essential objects in life . Cars have given many benefits to the humanity , by allowing people to travel to places they would want to go in a very short time , or carrying heavy loads that cannot be carried by humans . However , in twenty years , cars will not be as used as it is now , and its number will surely decline , due to the decreasing number of population , increasing pollution problems , and development of a new transport . In many advanced countries where cars are everyday life for people , the population is surely decreasing . For example , In Korea , there were baby booms after the war in 1950 . Many families consisted of more than five children . The families these days , however , tend to have only one child , maybe two at the maximum . There will surely be a population decrease in twenty years time , automatically resulting in a decrease of car usage as well . Cars , although very beneficial to people , did not prove beneficial to the environment . The gases from the exhaust ports of the cars cause great damage to the environment . Furthermore , the accumulation of this gas in the atmosphere is also harmful to people , especially to the elderly and the weak . There has already been talks of reducing this car gas by reducing the number of cars and using public transport instead . In twenty years time , this issue will be even worse , and the usage of cars will eventually decrease . Lastly , in twenty years time , there will be a new transport that will provide better services to human life than cars will . In twenty years time , people could be attending work via a flying machine . Or even use a small watercraft . Cars will eventually fail to these other superior devices , and give way to some other wonderful transports . Cars have been in extensive use ever since it was made about a hundred years ago by Ford . But since the technology continues to improve , cars will eventually give way to other wonderful inventions , just like the horses gave way to cars . In twenty years , cars will stilll be in use , but surely as not as much as it is now .
(TUR,medium) I strongly agree that successful people try new things and take risks . There are so many things that make people successful , but taking risks and trying new things are the most important part of being successful in my own opinion . The main reason is that there are plenty of people who are very successful by taking risks in their lifes . In addition , the life has become pretty flexible . Therefore this flexibilty makes people think differently . Recently I have read an article regarding the life of Ronald Thrump who is very good at realestate business as everybody knows . This article hs affected me a lot , in other words this article has left great impressure on my life . According to Ronald Thrump , If someone wants be successful , he or she should take risks . Also he believes that unless some risks are taken in this life , we cannot be really successful as we want to be . There are so many succuessful people also who have become very successful by taking risks , trying new things , working on different fields which made them become very successful . Therefore I strongly believe that taking some risks will bring succeed . Day by day the world is becoming smaller . In other words , the world has become such a small town as some expert people say . This situation makes this life more flexible as well . As a direct result of this flexibty , people work on very different and new areas . Some people who take advantages of these new areas , who benefits properly from these areas become very successful . This is why , people who want be successful should observe new areas and invest on these areas as well . Twenty years ago 's opportunities were much more different than today . We should consider new areas , new things , if we reallly want to be successful In conclusion , as the time passes , we should think according to needs of time . The life is really pretty short and in this short life some who take risks properly are successful . At least , I find them very successful .
(FRE,low) I agree with this statement , I think indeed that in general successful poeple are more likely enklined to get into new and maybe more risky situations ( financially or personaly ) When poeple have reached a honorable level of social success , they tempt to be much more self confident and by that less subject to being afraid of taking risks . Most of the time the risks are taken financialy . But those are n't most of the time uncalculated ; they are done in a way that they will not be totaly in danger . For example : if it 's a financial risk , they will probably mesure the level of danger in so far that even if it takes a negative turn , they will be able to handle it .
(JPN,high) I belive motivation is one of the most important qualities that make people successful . Seeking new opportinities and better ways is avoidable . Therefore , I strongly agree with the statement that successful individuals always try new things and take risks . My mother always told me a story about my grandfather who was born in a poor neighbourhood and had no wealth when he was young . He started business with a very small shoe store . There was no employee or manager . He was the only one working there and the store was neiter famous or popular . He , however , had a ambition to make the store bigger and make more money . He borrowed some money from a bank and bought a land , then expanded the store . The decision was risky because there was not guarantee that he could pay the money back . Some of my grandfather 's relatives , including his own father told him to stop dreaming and be careful because he was making enough money to support his family . Because of his effort , his business was significantly succeeded and he finally ownedtwo big malls . This great contribution could not be achieved without his risky challanges . He could have chosen to run the small shoes store and have comfortable life as he was told by his relatives . He did not have to worry about failing if he did , but he could not experience the great success as well . Being conservative and doing things we already know are not totally useless . Many people choose this way and are satisfied with their situation . However , being motivative and finding better ways will teach more lessons to people . Only creative and ambitious people can innovate new great ideas and be successful . Taking a risk is neccesary to be successful in any field .
(FRE,medium) Over the years there has been an increasing number of cars in use thanks to the new technologies which provided new motors and has enhanced cars ' security . Such evolutions has lead to reduce the price of cars which turns out to be one of the main reason why cars have become so commun . however the way cars harm the environment and the high prices of oil can leads to reduce the cars in use in the next twenty years . Indeed the emissions of noxious gaz from cars are at stake in the greenhouse effect . that 's why the environmentals movment tend to inform population about the serious impact of theses gases . therefore they try to prevent people from using their car . they advise them to take buses or subway instead of their car . otherwise we can also point out a serious variation in the oil price . since a few years the price keep on growing and is now so expensive that people cannot anymore afford for it . it is over their means . so they have no other option than stop using their car . Fortunatly a solution is being developed which could solve both of the two main problems explained above . i 'm talking about the new bio-energies which are biological oil to use instead of petrol . this kind of oil could be used by every car and will only cost 0 , 80 cents of euro wich is a great stride toward oil prices . besides this new oil is natural and does not harm the environment . the bio energies are expected to be in sale in 2007 and are presently developed by ' Gaz de France ' conserning the country . to conclude we can notice that solutions have been found to solve problems which could explain an eventual deacrease in the car use in the next tzenty years . according to me that wo n't happened
(ITA,high) Actually , why do children go to school ? This question should help us decide whether it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts or to learn facts . I would personnally say that sudents need first to understand , then to learn . I would n't say that one is more important vthen the other , I would more likely try to convince people that one has to come before the other . Order usually doesn-t seem so important , but in my opinion in this case it is . I-d say it is a matter of democracy applied to school : as people need first to be able to choose , the only way to put them in the right conditions to do so is to teach them how to think How can children be thaught how to think ? Their curiosity must be called , they need to be interested in the subject they-re studing . If the teacher succeeds in that , the children will ask questions as a result of a personal thought . A response to that question will make them understand the concept and remember at the time . And putting understanding and remembering toghether the teacher leads to ... learning . That-s why understanding has to come before simple learning . Let-s assume , for example , that a student is thaught that in 1789 french revolution took place . He will know the fact , but will he be able to explain how french population has arrived to that situation ? And most of all , will he remember this fact and this date for more than the lesson time ? I don-t think so . I pretty sure he will forget as soon as he will exit the classroom or , in the best of the cases , after the examination , precisely because the fact has come alone without a personal and maybe emotional participation to the moment of learning . Understanding provides this essentially needed personal participation . People are not computers , the only way to give them a real effective culture is to make them think and understand , although we could say that cu ; lture is made by the knowledge of facts .
(FRE,medium) I do n't believe this question can be answered by yes or no . It all depends on the people , on the activities of these people and in the period they live in . In the industrial revolution for example , you had to try something new to be successful because the activities were changing . An activity in which one might have performed well suddenly got surpassed and that person was forced to change his activity . The people who made the right changes became rich , others who had put their bets on the wrong horses became poor . In the actual time both ways are possible to become successful . The first way would be to stick to something you know you can do well , but you have to do it better than everybody else . That usually is n't possible without investments and the risks that go with it . So I think that , in most cases , there is no success without taking risks . Another path to success would be to try something new . In that case the risks are usually higher , but if it was the right thing to do , the rewards are higher too . The difficulty here is that you have to get into the right thing at the right time . The advantage by trying something new is that if the new thing does n't launch off , you can still go back to what you can do well . If that happens you probably wo n't get really successful , but you have tried . But to try something new is n't possible to everybody . To get into a new thing requests the right ideas and much bravery . Most people stay in what they 're doing , even if they 're unhappy , because they do n't have the guts to make a change . In conclusion I would say that the most important factors for success are bravery , to take risks ; luck , to be in the right activity at the right time , the character to want to be better then the others and fantasy , to have the ideas . Of course , you also need the skills to then lead your activity to success .
(JPN,low) I agree with this , because I think it will be expencive gas of cars in twenty years . It is getting to expencive the gas in the world now . It is getting to decrease amount of gas in the world , so it is getting to difficult to get gas and expencive to get . In addision , if it will be a war in SaudiArabia , it will be difficult to get gas more and more . Second , we should think about enviroment of the earth . We have a lot of problem about polution in the world . To getting warm in the world is one of the problem , so we should not ride a car by ourselves . We should be decreased about CO2 in air . And if it will be expencive gas of cars , we will use tranceportation , like a bus , a subway and a train . It is good way to decrease of CO2 . Finally , I think there are a lot of convinience tranceportation better than a car in twenty years . A car is not going to be covinience . We are going to use public trancepotation naturally . That is why , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
(GER,high) I agree with the statement that a lot of the advertisements spread across our society are trying to make products look better than they are in reality . Actually , the reasons for this development are rather obvious : Firstly , the steadily growing amount of products of comparable function and quality causes the need for customers to distinguish between these otherwise equal products . Taking into account the enormous exchange of information nowadays , it is quite understandable that evolving a product is not as common as it was in the past ; Most of the related products are on the same level of invention most of the time . Therefore , advertisments have to come up with a individual way of creating an incentive to favour a particular product among others . Secondly , the average customer is actually looking for something superior to the contents of his or her 's everyday life to enrich it . He or she wants to be special instead of comparable and is thus looking for attributes that make a difference . Ironically , this IS what makes these people most indistinct , since a lot of them are motivated equally by these unconcious desires . As a result , the authors of advertisments compose their creations servicing as well the wish of the producers as the wish of the customers , making products seem `` larger-than-life '' . In some aspects , advertisments are a replacement or addition to religious or spiritual desires : the irrational longing for a special importance of the own existance , the wish for immortality through extrinsical approval rather than intrinsic satisfaction . In my opinion , this development is something rather annoying - at least , if you are a questioning person . I would not go as far as to call it intimidating or even dangerous - from my point of view , this development is more likely a symptom than it is a disease and therefore not the issue itself but a consequence of it .
(JPN,medium) It is a fact that if the students do not understand a concept and do not understand the ideas , the things surrounded by them would not make any sense and there wouldl be a confusion . At the same time , it is also important to learn facts whihch make the things real to the students and students can easily visualize the things and can develope their own thoughts and ideas . I had an experence related to how important it is learn the fact than understanding ideas and concepts ; therefore I disagree with the statement . When the student can see the fact , they can accept a reality they face , develope their ideas and think deely and as the result , they will be more independent . Before I had a situation to do a lab experminent in my chemistry class , my teacher taught us what the purpose of the experminet and explained the steps but it was not realy helpful for me to visualize what I suppose to do . The lab was not appeal to me and I found it was boring becasue I could not use my thoughs to think deeply . I thought It was really passive way of leaning . Then , in my physics class , the other showed me the lab in front of the class and told us the all the facts what is happening in a real life which is realted to this experminent . I could accept the rality of the lab really easily that time . I was able to think beyond the physics experminent . I also could use my imagination and so my thoughs got really deep . Form my prsonal experience , I found it was much better to learn facts as my attitude gets more active and more independent from what the teacher teaches me a concept . I can learn ideas and concepts from text books , so I think it is really important for the sudents to activate their minds and learn the facts .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the statement that , it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than it is them to learn facts . For example , in science lab it is more important to understand ideas and concepts so that there after we can learn that facts to do the experiments with the concepts that we understand . In any field , the above sentence matches . Suppose in games like CRICKET we must first undersdtand the ideas and concepts in the game including foot work , line and length , only after understanding thoroughly the concepts of CRICKET we can learn facts i.e. we can practice . And also in the field of Engineering , it is more important that the student understand the concept first and than to apply the concept he learned to learn facts about the experiment . In the field of DESIGN also we have to first understand the concepts behind that design and ideas behind that design and there after we can design a particular object . For example , take the design of a car . First the designer will understand the specifications and concepts behind the design af the car and there after he put on the ideas how to design a new car . so , for most of the areas it is important that we have to understand the ideas and then to learn facts . Without learning ideas and details we cannot know the facts about the product or a system . so , it is important for us to understand ideas and concepts to learn facts . For example , if a new theory is proposed by a scientist , it is more important for us to understand the idea behind that principle and concept of the principle and thereafter we canable to learn facts about that principle . All above examples will give information that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts , so by using the ideas and concepts we have learnt will help to understand to learn facts about a particular thing or an experiment .
(GER,high) When people travel to cities and other places worth seeing , they may make use of a guided tour during their stay . There are good reasons for having a guided tour in a group , but personally I believe that traveling on your own has greater benefits . One reason is that a tour guide may only show a select portion of the site being visited . This is mainly due to time constrictions in their schedule and because the tour is generally scripted . If there is something that has struck your personal interest during the tour , the tour guide may not give you enough time to closely examine it and move on . When traveling alone , you have all the time in the world to experience and look at things . It also is more of an adventure because you have to figure out on your own how things are done at a particular place . If you are lost however you can always just buy a map and a tour guide booklet . Another reason for not traveling in a guided tour is that you may not like the people you are with in your group . Imagine saving up all your money to go travel and then become anoyed by fellow group members on the first day . This means that you will be with them until the end of the trip . A further reason why traveling alone or with friends is better that a guided tour is that you will likely have better memories from the trip . This is because when people travel without a guide they will get into personal situations , rather that group situations . If you and your friends have gotten into difficulties , for example not been able to communicate to locals because of a language barrier , then you will have something to talk about at home after your trip . Situations like this stay in your memory for a long time because you have a story to share with friends . These situations are unlikely to happen with a tour guide . My three reasons should point out why I prefere to travel unguided , and you can always just
(JPN,low) I agree with statement that the best way to travel is a group led by a tour guide . There are two reasons why , trovel is in a group led by a tour guide is cheeper than private and we may know tour guides recomend places First of all , in a group led by tour guide is more unexpensive than private travel . For example , in private , an airplaine cost 3000 dallar for America from Japan . But use the tour industry service wichi can dicline the cost of plaine to 15000dallar . However involve the foods and hotel . it is very cheep . seconds , we could visit a wounderful place if I joined the tour group . Guides know a lot of good places in there country . Tour guide must study hard about sightseen to become . so tour guide is professional of travel and sightseen . All of theres reason I sustain that the most good way to travel is a led by a tour guide .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the stated idea . I think there will be more cars in use in twenty years from now . Cars have been one of the indispensible transportation since they were invented . And even though there have been many other transportation systems were developed , such as subway and airplanes , cars never been out of people 's life . Instead of being replaced by other transportation systems , they have changed to better versions contionously . Moreover , some people are very interested in buying or collecting old versions of popular cars , like classic model of `` Beatle '' . Cars may be considered just as a means of moving . But purposes of owing a car has changed over time , and nowadays some want cars to show their life style and personalities . For this reason , there will be more cars in the future . However , it 's possible that new and better means of transporting will be invented in the future , but I believe that cars will be developed to be a better means than now . As we 've been doing this for a long time , we can find better resources for power , and also better designs for cars . Also there will be more cars considering peole 's tastes today . Living in a modern world , many people prefer to stay private wherever possible and want to feel at home whenever possible . In that point , cars are the best way to choose . I predict that fancier , more comfortable , faster , and safer means of moving than cars will appear in twenty years . Even if it happens , I 'd choose to stay with my own car . Cars have been one of the most attractive things people can have , and I believe people wo n't be able to resist the urge of buyig a new car and driving on the streets .
(SPA,medium) This is a very difficult question to answer because I 've seen some old people enjoying their life everyday and some young people worry about their future and its challenges . In my opinion , in general there is that idea that young people enjoy life more because they do not reponse or comply to certain parameters or rules that society has constructed over us . This give us the impression that they are more relax but as always reality is by far more complex and comes in different colours and forms . Depending on the upbringing some young people can be very methodical , working very hard for their future and are often in a constant battle against time to get a place in society . Another point I would like to mention is the definition of `` enjoy '' or perhaps `` joy '' . As I mentioned before people are complex creatures so they enjoy a wide range of activities . Some of these activities can be considered not very enjoyable for some other people with different interest . Take botany , plant science , as an example for some individuals spending days and nights looking at plants and checking their parts is very rewarding and definitelly it forms part of the joy of their life . On the other hand , somebody whose main interest is robotics or clubbing , just to mention two extreme examples , would have some difficulties understanding other people source of joy . Older people especially the ones who are already retired tend to have a very tranquil and quiet life , but then again this has a lot to do with the efford they made when they were younger planning their finances so they can have a decent pention and as a result a more enjoyable life . I 've seen people who plan very carefully to make sure they will not become a burden for their family and society . As a conclusion I think you chose to enjoy your life regardless your age . However to reach a sustainable state of security and stability , so you can enjoy life more , some plannig is indeed necesary at any stage of your life .
(ITA,medium) i agree with the statement i think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than today because the scientists will discover or project new kind of tranportation way and all the countries will improve the public transportation to defend the environment against the increasing level of pollution . have you ever seen a cartoon called `` futurama '' ? it shows the potential kind of life of the fourties century . it shows a big half pipe that looks like a big slide with some pillows at the end and it should represent an alternative kind of tranportation that avoids the gravity force . moreover , today a lot of scientists and experts are woorking to create more ecological and confortable bus and subways , and a lot of countries and cities are working to get people most familiar with public transport or with new kind of transporters . so , if the public tranporters will be the future , there will be fewers cars in use and also if some lovers of them will remain , the average number of cars will decrease in a remarkable way . if it will happen , there will be a lot of improvement in natural conditions of the hearts and our life could become better . the decrease of car s number imply better conditions , less pollution in the air and less dangerous streets , and the parking places could become green areas . i reckon that a lot of people would be happy if the number of cars decreased . in fact a lot of people hate the traffic jam and the crowded streets but they have not another possibility to travel or to go to work . as i said , a lot of countries are working and a lot of steps have been done but in my opinion there are still certain aspects that should be improved . in our countries , for example , also if the political class promote the use of railways , a lot of people do not follow this suggestion because the train are always dirty , crowded and they smell not very good , moreover they era always late . so , i think that to have a look at the future is a good idea but there are also a lot of things that can be done during the present .
(KOR,high) Success people can be defined as people who have much knowledge and have good propectives of behavior . To be successful people , I believe that peole have to try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . In that way , people can have more experience as they try new things and also people can try their best all the timeas as they take risks . Successful people challenge new things to get own experience . If a person challenges new field , he or she will experience a new thing . Thus , he or she will have more knowledge about the field . I , for example , am trying Toefl test for the firt time and it is sure challenging me and pressing me . However , since I experience the test for now , I guess I could do better for the next time . It is becasue I challenge the new thing , Toefl thest , and have more knowledge than before . As taking risks , people can have good prospectives of behavior while they are trying their best . When people are taking risks , they have to be careful as possible as they can and also try their best to acheive their goals or not to fail . Even though people fail , they will try their best not to make the same mistake like before . For instance , if a student gets wrong on the test . On the next test , the student will learn something from what he or she got wrong and will correct later . As people challenge new field and take risks , they can have much knowledge and good personality , which mean they can success for the rest of their life . If people only do what they already know how to do well , then it will make them not learn anymore , and cause them to think they are the best . Therefore , I stronly recommend people to try new things and take risks to live better quality of life .
(SPA,high) In my opinion succesfull people ca n't be mesured by the quantity of risks they take , because a man that does not take any risk and focuses on doing what he knows he does very well , can be as succesful as a man that focuses only in taking risks and trying to experiment with new thing everyday . But using my personal knowledge I can say that each risk you take is an oportunity to win , while each risk you avoid is an oportunity that goes away from you hadns . As an example I can say about a friend that owned a pizza store , he was always trying new ways of mixing ingredients to produce the best pizza his customers could have ever eaten . Thanks to his perseverance , this friend invented the best pizza in my city , and after that , with the money he made with the pizza he invented , he tried to invent a snack everybody would buy , and now he is known as Luigi , the father of the Hawaian pizza and the French fries which has helped him to open his own pizza company . Another good example is my father 's life . He , as far as I know , was the owner of a great company that used to produce the most comfortable tennis shoes arond the world . Untill the day he went bankrupt . His company broke up because , one day my father had to take a very important desicion , unfortunately he chose the easy road and he did n't want to risk a lot . The desicion he had to take was n't dificult at all , but because he was a person that hates getting out of the road he knows , and dislikes getting into unknown roads , he took the wrong desicion and it led him to the bankropt . After that he has changed his behavior a lot . So , as a conclusion I can say that taking risks is the best way to live this life .
(TEL,high) I would agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do . I believe that younger people are usually less burdened with the hardships and stress of life , that come at a later stage . Also , younger people have an attitude to not take things too seriously and so , they tend to enjoy life in more situations . Further , older people usually lose out the patience to enjoy and experience adventures and fun in life like the way youngsters do . When we take the example of an old man , who becomes weak due to age , its very obvoius that he does not have the stamina to enjoy any adventures in life . Also , he would tend to become more subdued and mellow . In drast contrast , a youngster is usually filled up lot of energy and enthusiasm to take on new tasks , adventures , visit interesting places and so on . Also , younger people tend to hang out a lot with friends and share lot of fun moments together . For example , if a young couple were to make a pleasure trip , and an old couple comes along too , it is highly possible that their views and sense of fun would n't match . The older couple will usually prefer to stay indoors even while on tours , whereas the younger couple , I believe , will explore the place , in and out . I remember an incident when I had to go out on a tour alone , and I asked my grand mother to accompany me . She just did not want to go with me . She said she would get exhausted and does n't take interest in travelling anymore . When I asked the same to a friend of mine , she immediately obliged ! This shows the clear contrast between the views of an old person and a young one . I believe that we all usually get a matured and proper understanding of life only after facing some serious troubles . This kind of a view develops over time , and can not be seen among the youngsters . Youth therefore symbolizes more of energy , idealism , innocence , etc . Adding to all the above mentioned reasons , I feel that maybe biologically also , younger people have higher levels of adrenalin , which expels higher levels of energy . This can further explain why youngsters tend to enjoy life more than their older counterparts do . However , I admit that the same youth will eventually turn out more matured and get more serious about things , and fall in the categoty of old people .
(TEL,medium) Yeh , it is very important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , because it will help them to have a grip on the concept . Studying the concept with out any idea will not develop the knowledge of the student , the student knowledge develops only when he thinks on the topic . How he/she get that thinking ? once if they are having some grip or idea on the topic . The student knowledge will develop based on their understanding capability and also their thinking capacity . I am agreeing to the concept because I have a practical experience once up on a time . Two students of my class attended to an exam with full of practise . I am explaining the practise module of both of the students , one student had got a text book and memorised through out the day with out breakage and also without any idea . And the other person who also studying the same text book but he is not reading , he is understanding the concept . After they arrival after the exam one of the person who prepared whole night without any brakage told me that the question papper is very hard and I didnt understood the concept of the papper . But the other person told me that the question papper is very easiy to answer , I answered with in 1 hour out of 2hours . That much of easy the exam is ... he told like that I cant get first why they are telling like that , when asked both of them how u studied I got the answer for my question . On that day itself I understood that the instead of memorising the words we will go for understanding which will be very help full to the person to develop in any way . FInally I conclude in such a way that people must understand the concept or idea , instead of studying that first we have to study and we have to understood , without that we ca n't achieve any thing .
(CHI,medium) I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . There are three reasons in my opinion which led to the situation . First , there are too many amusing activities to do . New high-tech toys and recreations are being introduced to the teenager and keeping them stick on those things . Big companies uses strong advertisement and free trails to make sure the potential consumers will not do anything else but spending time on the products . Moreover , interacting with friends takes most of young people 's time . All of these activities occupied every minute of them . Second , the education from young people 's parents does not give them the idea . To live in a competetive world , children are taught to learn knowledges as much as they can and give attention to other things as less as they can . Cram school is always the first and only choice for young people to hang around . They are told to keep their hands from things that are helpless to their grades . Due to this twisted concept , young people are not interested in communities activities . Third , the media broadcasts negative examples which stop young people from taking action . People refuse to give time helping their communities because of bad news . A crazy person might hurt an unexperienced teenager while asking for help . Teenagers can be in trouble because their lack of experience on helping the communities . Above all , it is true that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . By observing those who live around , we can find out that young people will help if the negative conditions are removed . Creating a nice and friendly environment for teenagers to open their mind will be the best way to let them give more time on communities activities .
(FRE,medium) Nowadays , with our capitalistic way of thinking , and our huge ideology of research for wealth , it has become a common concern to seek for the best way to be succesful . Thus , many people argue that it is easier to be successful running risks or trying new things . Actually , we cannot denied that taking risk can lead to success . Because finding new things is obviously the best way to give to the people new need ( for economy ) , and also to anticipate your competitors . Marcel Bleustein , for example , became one of the most famous French advertisors , being the first one to try to do advertising on radio . One another hand , trying new things lead you to take risks , and becoming unsuccessful if nobody takes care of your idea . However , it is also possible to be successful only doing what you know how to do well . The principle is that , if you know perfectly how to do something , you will consequently do it on a better way that your concurrents . The big Americane telephone compagny AT & T , for example , prefered in the 20s continue to be the best in the telephone technologie , rather than developpe new technologies such as wireless telegraph . As everybody knows , it was a good choice . Actually , the best way to be successful may be both doing something we know well , and trying to find new things . In art for example , it is diffucult to be a real artist , that is to say to create new things , without be aware of what existed before . That is why , before becoming one of the most famous French movie director and one of the leader of the Nouvelle Vague , J. L. Gaudard firstly worked hard to know a lot of things about classical cinema and more generally about classical art .
(SPA,high) It is important to have a good background and have a broad knowledge but there is a point when specializing in one specific subject is needed . There is no doubt that a proffessional needs a broad knowldege of many diffferents subjects to build a strong background . For example a petroleum engineer , like me , must take a lot of subjects which could appearently not be related to what a petroleum engineer needs to learn in order explore , exploit or process oil . Such is the case of subjects like learning techniques , computer programming or environmental education but those subjects definetely help on the way you learn the specialized subjects as in learning techniques , or how a program can be used to solve a problem on computer programing or even how to prevent an environmental impact during any stage of oil process . Although all those subjects mentioned before and others , can give an engineer a good background , after that point an engineer must specialized to focus the atention on a major in wich , as I can see , the more work an attention you pay on the more you will be able to succed on . Continuing with the example , on petroleum engineering , there are three major specifique branches : reservoir , drilling and production , acording to wich the attention will be focussed on find and characterize the location of the place where the hydrocarbon is , to create the conditions to bring the oil to the surface or to handle it when it has reached the surface respectively . In order to specialize on one of those field or branches , specific subjects must be taken . According to what I 've previously pointed , I think that is important to specialize , as in the example mentioned above , in one mayor field wich can lead to an focused attention environment in a major that would be studied and researched resulting on an improved and focused knowledge .
(TEL,medium) Having broad knowledge is always better than having specialization in one specific subject . But , this doesnot apply to every student . We can classify this for students based on their level of education in two categories . One is a undergraduate level student and the other is a graduate level student . For an undergraduate student , it is recommened to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Having so helps him to know what fileld he is his intrested in . He can choose the area of subject , in which he wants to specialize in graduation . Moreover , any person should have minimun knowledge on different fileds . Like if we take an engineer , if he does n't have minimun knowledge about human body , then he may face problems in his life . Like he cannot explain well enough to doctor like an illeterate , if there is any problem with his health . Also important is some political and general information for students who comes from enginnering , medical or any other filed . Any citizen of a county needs to know atleast some history about his country . He may be a big doctor , but if he doenot know how his country got indepence or who are the great leaders or atleast the geographical structure of his countrty . There is no point saying that , i am a medical student and i do n't require any history knowledge . He should have atleast some basic knowledge related to any field . Where as in the case of a graduate student , it is better if he specializes in one subject . He needs to concentrate on one subject and specialize in it . Most probaly , a graduate student , like one after completing his masters will go for a job . So , he needs to specialize in one specific subject , where he is dreaming to work . A doctor needs to specialize in one particular field , like an eye specialist or become a cardioligist by specializing in heart related problems . In short , we can say that a undergraduate level student needs to have broad knowledge of many subjects and a graduate level student can specialize in one specific subject .
(GER,high) No matter where you go , what you do or what your educational background might be , you will be confronted with advertisements every single day . You see them in newspapers , magazines on television , even at bus stations . Thats why it is no wonder that companies spend thousands of dollars for the marketing of their products . In my opinion it is true that that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Because most companies spend a significant amount of money to advertise their products , they obviously want as many peolpe as possible to buy their product . In order to do that , they must make their product sound as good as possible , probably even better than the products of their competitors . To be able to do that companies need to make sure that all the emphasis is on the positive features their product obtains . And therefore also try to hide all the imperfections a product might have . If you take a look at just the advertisements in a magazine , you can already tell if it is a magazine that is suppose to be read by females or males . If you think about a very well known magazine for women like InStyle , you find one ad for lipstick after the next . Every single one of them tells you how uniqe the lipstick is and what great features it has , but none of them points out any negative things like if they are produced in a 3rd world country or if any animals were used for the testings of it . Companies need to make sure that their product stands out and that people feel they desperately need it in order to get people to buy their product in particular and not a similar one of another brand . Companies try to give the reader of a magazine the feeling that they are only young and hip and fit in with everyone else if they own their product . That is why in my opinion products often seem so much better when they are advertised than they really are . Not only because companies put the emphasis on the positive things but because they try to hide the things that would make their product much more difficult to sell .
(KOR,medium) I agree with the statement that successful people take risks rather than doing only what they know . Successful people do take risks as they want to escape from the ordinary life . I do not call myself a very successful person , but I once have taken a risk and my life had been better . First , some milionaires famous in one area , once was a expert in other things , and I think that happens because that those people know how to master on one kind of subject . Henry Ford , the father of car , once was a expert on a watch repair . He worked as one to earn his room rent and to study mechanics . Then he thought about transportations and invented cars . Next , the successness is equal to the riskyness . Which means that when you have a high probability of failure , then you have a high reward when you success . I am in middle school grade three , since grade two , I liked a girl . She is in same school and I still like her . I wanted to say that I like her , but I got to shy when I stand in front of her . When I said that , I felt like falling down a endless cliff that I could never come up again , but when she laughed , said nothing and looked at me , I felt like a mattress holding me from the cliff , so I like her , and she knows that I like her . Lastly , risks are sometimes making something new or re-designing some products . Edison , the king of invention , once tried to hatch an egg , and did not to go to school when in elementary school . His mother taught him . When he were grown up , he made a telephone which was already made by Alexander Graham Bell . However , the Edison 's phone was better to hear , so people bought Edison 's phone . In conclusion , successful people try new things and take risks rater than just doing what they know and what they can do well .
(KOR,low) I agree this statement . I want to study about business so i interested in CEO story.l like read about success people 's book . Today , I want to write example about lee 's essay When I was young I read about Mr.lee 's essay . Do you know lee gun hee ? He is boss of the samsung and he is korean . samsung make all kinds of eletronic stuff . When he was youth , he lives rural his father was famer . And he was very poor . He decieded to success . so he get out of his house on teenager . it 's very surprised try . And he goes to the capital seoul and he got the all kinds of job . finally , he got the job about eletronics . Few years later he knows how to make money , so he going out his work . He made his company . He tried to make all kinds of eletronics . At that time , computer was not popular on the world . But lee thought computer will be most impertant thing on people 's life . lot of people said it 's not impossible but now samsung is one of the best company of the compuer . when I read that essay i thought if successful people I have to try new things . second , when I live in korea I enjoy the watching television . I going to introduce famous televison programs in korea . The name of the show is how to sucessful on my business . That tv show has voleenter who wants to success on their business . And that show found well known and famous their part . such as restaruant . And voleenter leared special skills from sucessful people . Every person who success on their job they have their skills . They exprienced to fail so they tried to new thing . Can ; t
(HIN,high) When we peek outside our houses the thing we can find in abundance outside our houses and on the roads is unrefutedly the Cars in different designs and colors . The cars have changed the way we travel . The invention of cars have brought a kind of a revolution in the times . In addition to making the conveyance easier to saving time to accessing the remote areas cars have done almost everything to make our life more comfortable . With the changing technologies and increasing economic growth i dont believe that the next twenty years in any way see a reduction in the cars . This will be mainly because of the demand , advancement and status these four wheeled wonder is going to bring about . With the increase in the pocket income and incentives more and more people will be able to buy the cars . After all who wants to experience the overcrowding in the buses and trains and the waste of precious time these inconvenient travelling measures bring about . The another factor which will increase the demand is the population growth . With the population of the world sky rocketing the number of people who can avail the benefits of cars will increase and so do the cars . Also with the advancement in the technology we will witness a whole new genre of cars in the next twenty years . When people see something new and innovative they have a urge to buy it even though they may be having an absolete version of it . So there may be many people with two or three cars in the next coming years . Cars are frequently being associated with the social status of the people . The people try to get everything that will elevate their status . In many families we see peolpe having many cars . One for going to office and other for social parties , other for children and hence enhancing their status with each car . With these kind of social attitudes the sale of cars is definitely going to increase . So we dont see any reason why the sales of cars will decline and we will see fewer number of cars in the years to come . Though the excessive use of cars will create problems like traffic jams , chaos for parking , pollution and petroleum problems . But these problems will find a suitable solution . It just only needs cooperative effort and thinking . So in the next twenty years we will witness more and also attractive cars down the road .
(SPA,medium) From my point fo view , answering that question requires a previous one - What does the word ` community ' involve to you ? . As far as I am concerned , that word is not affected by a lot of factors , by a number of meanings ... Any person will probably tell you that those who develop their normal lifes around you are your community . Being religion the main - or most common - reason for that union , most of the time . As I see it , to find the honest , deep , vivid meaning of ` community ' you have to look much further . I would name as my ` community ' those people who affect my life in different aspects , who have the power to change my path one way or the other . Those people with whom i live and learn everyday . My community and me are able to play a larger and more important part in one another 's lifes . I do not agree with the idea of young people not using their time to help their communities . Actually i believe that most of them do it everyday , by taking an active part in their own lifes and in the ones of those who live with them . To exemplify my point I will add some cases considered by me as some relevant ways to help . A boy who spends his time explaning to a classmate a problem that will help him pass an important exam . A Law student who has to work everyday as hard as possible and study , she does not have time for herself , however , she teachs her niece English for free each weekend to help her pass , because that girl knows her brother can not afford extra English classes . In a nutshell , if those who agree with that statement consider young people to be selfish , I think they are completely wrong . What is more , they should take a moment to look around and to ask young people what are they doing , I am sure that they will prove them all wrong .
(HIN,high) I completly agree with this statement that `` young people nowdays do not give enough time yo helping their communities '' . The younger generation nowdays spend most of their time enjoying themselves , not very affected by whats goin on withing their community . They are to busy enjoying their quality time on uneccesary thing . They do not understand the importance their communities have and how it could benifit them by being a important part of it . A community basically gives the a child or young people some important moral values which they do not even recive from their parents . These communities give the student the basic needs to live in a society . They teach them how to behave in diffrent situations which could help them in their future . Young people should alwase be a integral part of their communites and help them in what ever aspect . These communites also take part in varios activites such as relif funds etc. for the needy people affected by varios disastors like an earthquake or a hurricane . Young people should take an initiative in such activites and help their communities in perfrorming their important tasks since it will be benifical not only fer the needy and the poor but also for an individual himself , since it will bring in him an important quality of helping which is very important fer every human being . These young people should take some time off from their normal activites atleast once or twice a week and spend some time with their communities and work with them and make it a better community . But on the other hand these communites should also include some interesting activites like sports and games , which is sometimes fun and could enhance the participation of young people in them . Thus the communities could me made more intersting by having such activties . By this way they could promote their communites more and more and increse the number of young people joinng them and helping them to make the community a better place .
(GER,medium) I think that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts but I think that it is also important that studenst learn facts because this two learning strategies have advantages and disadvantages . One advantage if students understand ideas and concepts is that they do not need so much time to learn for an exam because if you have understand the facts the teacher has said in the lecture you can remerber easier to the facts . In addition to that you do not forget things so early because you know a lot of backgrounds so you will be a very clever person in the future and because of this you will have more success in your job because you are a well informed person . But the drawback lies in the fact that you have to afford more time to undersand ideas and concepts so if you have an exam and you do not have begin learning early it is not good for you to follow this learning strategy because you need to much time to prepare for your exam . On the contrary there are some advantages if you only learn facts . The first advantage I want to point out is that if you have to learn a big amount of something you are not able to understand all ideas and concepts because it is to much to remember for you for example in an exam . Furthermore if you only learn facts you have more freetime for instace to meet friends , go to the cinema or relax in the sun because if you only learn facts the amount of learning material will be reduced and so you will be able to finish learning ealier . But there are also some disadvantages about learning facts . One disadvantage I want to mention is that if you only learn facts you will not have a good grand in your exam because you can not answer the questions which are asked in the exam very good because you don not know some backgrounds about the theme you have learned . If I compare the both learning strategies I think the advantages from the strategy to understand ideas and concepts predominate because in my opinion it is more imortant for a person to be very good informed and have some backgrounds . So you can see that it is a very clerver person and have succees in his or her job .
(TUR,high) This subject could be considered as a mixed blessing for society and for me . I agree with this statement but also being old have disadvantages it does not mean that older people not enjoy life . Altough young people have more available for fun from their health , there are also older people like young childerens in their sixties . I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people . To begin with , young people have more abilities and energy to spend their times and acting a active role in the social activities . They can go wherever they want and they can enjoy with the society like concerts , cinemas , theatres . Also they are spending most of their times with their friends at school so they are always in a communicaton . On the other hand , older people have not got the full physical abilities like youngs as they they are old . They can not even walk without any help so they can not be able to see their friends for talking and sharing , resting and strolling . So when teenagers want to have fun there could not be a chance for them so they become uncomfortable becouse they need to walk , run , talk as they also have the responsibility of being a teenager . On the other hand there are some exceptionals both for older and younger people . Some teenagers do not like being with other people and they do not love anything . So I do not understand how they can enjoy life without loving anything to do and complaining about getting bored . Despite of being older , I can see them , especially woman , in their sport cars and driving through most popular avenues , shopping with their friens , play games , having parties . To summerise , we should not consider the statement like young people always enjoy life more than older people do because it is not something related with the age . It is something coming from the inside of the people and have the ability to know how to enjoy life .
(TEL,high) I neither agree nor disagree with the following statement . I strongly feel that successful people are what they are because they have adventured on taking new paths , dared to build on new ideas , but the hidden truth on careful analysis reveals , even though those ideas were risks for others , the winners have always believed their thoughts and progressed with them because they only knew how to do them well . So I believe successful people are an amalgam of these two different paths to be successful which are illustrated by the statement . For an example , imagine the situation of two of India 's biggest Industries - The Tatas , and The ambanis - the founders of whcih have risen from depths of poverty to dizzying heights of fame and popularity . Both of them are an inspiration for new India , because , They visualized their dreams even without a single penny with them , and chose to take risks , even with small amounts rather than saving them up invested them into their ideas and gave a structure to them , because they believed in their ability and also because they were crystal clear as to what they would acheive , and they knew how to do it well . I believe both these paths are interlinked and are necessities for anybody to succeed , since reasoning implies that only when you are confident in what you want to acheive and how you want to acheive , can you dare to take risks . Venturing into new avenues without having a knowledge of `` how 's and why 's '' of them only leads you to failure . Similarly confining yourself to your comfort zone , and in only doing things you are comfortable with , you are distancing yourself from other probabilities thus restricting your success to a certain degree To quote an example actors are never considered acting legends unless they have explored and donned various roles and showed their mettle in them . If an actor is extremely popular in comic genre , but is afraid to take new challenges , he will never be regarded a success , but taking a risk to don new roles stems from his confidence and as the old saying goes - an inconfident man is never deemed a success . To sum up , I believe to be successful , anybody needs to have the right blend of risk taking ability and also the capability to do things as well as he can , otherwise the barometer of success would never reach it 's peak .
(GER,medium) In my oppinion it is nowerdays an important ability to be flexibel and to have a good overall education . But on the other hand many companies are searching for the best people for a specific job . And if you want to be the best in a special direction you will have to study or learn this section very intensive to know what exactly you have to do . The main topic in my business career was to be where people want me to be and do what people want me to do , because if it was not the fact , the people would ask someone else to do my job and would do this also in other jobs . So my task was to do everything they wanted my to do . On the one handside this ability saved my connections to the people who gave me the jobs and on the other handside the people made propaganda and a kind of advertisement for me and my good work . I never ever had a second of saveness what would happen on the next day in my life . I needed jobs and i needed to say yes , because of I would said no , my famly would not have anything to eat on the next day . If I were specialiye in one spezific job or direction , I would have to live with the fear that someday someone would come yo me and say that it is over and that this section is closing because there is no more need for the job I do . With my flexible abilities this could not happen to me , because I could do anything they wanted me to do . Germany with its high unemployment rates is the best example for good academical educated people , who are after their exam without a job because the education they have do not fir with the jobprofile . With a felxible education with broad knowledge it is easier to find a job and to save the job .
(CHI,low) Today adertisements are everywhere ; television , newspaper , magzine , even on the surface of the cars . Those products on the ads always look so nice , but are they really like how they are decribed on the ads ? No . Using stars is a very common stradegy for ad . For example , those famous models that appear on the skin production ads suggest people to use that product , saying it 's really good and all . Makes people it is that product that actually made her so beautiful , but sometimes they do n't even use it at all . Some ads about food says it would make you feel you are in the some place alse , like in the park , on top of the moutain , in the wild nature , etc . It 's just so unreal , and i never trust those kinda ads . They often uses No.1 in the nation , No.1 in the state , or No.1 among same business . But sometimes you can see there are more than one No.1 ; so which one you can trust . So overall , i think ads are just used to make products look better , so people will buy them .
(SPA,medium) In my opinion it is better to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowladge of many academic subjects . There are many reasons to agree with this statement . First of all , to apply for a job you need to know specific information about one topic . For example if you aim to be an ingeneer you should know a lot about phisics , otherwise you will not work as an ingeneer . There are no positions in where you can work if you do not know any specific subject . Being specialized in one area gives you the opportunity to find a job where ever you want . Another reason why I consider true this statement is because it does not exist a person who can earn a lot of money working , and does not been specialized in a specific subject . That is why is so important to make a good choice when selecting a career , if not why it is so difficult to find an position with a good remuneration . It is because if you are not a knowledge person in a specific subject you will not show superiority in comparison with other people . It simply consist in making the difference . Last but not least , I consider vital the thing that you need to know in deep about a subject because otherwise you will never have the incetive to keep on knowing even more and more . If you have a broad knowladge of many academic subjects you are not able to go on learning more things . A person need to learn every day something knew about a specific area in order to build up his futures expectations about his life . In conclusion I consider it is much more imortant to specialize in one specific subject than to have a broad knowladge of many acadmic subjects . That is because is vital in applying for a position , also to be able to earn a good money and finally to have always the ambicious of knowing more and more .
(ITA,medium) I agree with the statement that afferms that in the next twenty years will be a decrease of the cars in use , because I think that the frenzy increase of cars that we are in this years assisting to , have to , sooner or later , coming to an end . I thinks so because probabily , in the nearly future , people and governments will be forced in thinking of enviorment and how to preservate it . As we all know , cars are now one of the mainly causes for pollution , this could bring , in a future , to moving the attention to all the other echologic kind of fuel that the progress of modern science offer us , like wind , water , sun , bio masses , and so on . This possibility is also supported by the fact that petrolium sources ( from which we are now taking all the sources of energy we use in ordinary life ) will probably decrease and then come to an end in the next years , and so , as the yaers pass , other kind of energy will become cheaper than that in use today . A future world with no petrolium derviates has to find alternative solutions for the problem of transports . Not only with alternative energy sources ( as I already said in the first part of this essay ) but even with a stronger government 's politic that supports the developing of new ideas , for example , giving benefit and help to whom that try to improve the daily situation or to increase the use of public transports ( like buses , train , taxi cabs and so on ) instead of private cars . I hope that this future situation would n't be only a dream because if it would , it will be very difficoult for people of my generation to live a normal life in a `` sane '' world like our parents ' and grandparents ' generation did .
(ITA,medium) I do not agree at all with the fact that is more important for students to understand concepts rather then learning facts . Therefore my opinion is that both those goals are needed to be accomplished from a student during his or her studying period , this could be hight school or university . Preciselly it is even more important at university because , in this period of his life , the student is suposes to learn a job . For instance I studied Political Science in Italy , at La Sapienza University , witch is considered one of the best universyties in my country . While i was learning all the subjects of my courses I realized that they where perfect and complete in the teoretical areas but they lacked in the practical areas . For example in the Law course whe studied all the articles of our Civil Code , and the professor was very strict during the exam . On the other hand nobody of the students had the chance to looked to an example of contract . Obviously this is a really important part of the course , in fact a friend of mine who studied with me , had enourmous difficulties on working after graduating . She went working in a very famous law farm , and she had to work four months not beeing payed because she did n't know how to write a contract . Althought i had another fantastic experience that confirm my opinion . A couple of years ago I went studying at The International Center of Photography in New York City . Eventhought I was a little afraid of studying with a different system i found it much easier and much more challengin at the same time , even if it seem a contradiction it is not ! In this school I learned a lot about the theory of photography , like tecniques and history of photography . Yet I practiced even more . I shoot with lots of different kind of cameras , the view camera , a digital camera and the olga . For all these reasons I think learning facts and how to practice them in the real life is very important for all students .
(FRE,medium) From my point of view , a successfull person is someone who succeed in his life , someone who hit his goal , his objectives . For my concern , I vote for the safety , that is to say that to if you always do what you already know how to do well , you will get more and more experience in the sector you 're working on . You 'll specialize yourself , become an expert , and so as a matter of fact , will be successfull . Let 's take an exemple , someone who has just started to work , he 's just started his professional life , generally he is going to do what he already knows , so , if he keeps working in his domain , he 'll become an expert . But on the contrary , if he starts trying new jobs , specially in something he does n't know anything about , he 's taking too much risks , and he may not succeed as well as if he would have stayed in his domain and specialized himself . This previous exemple implies someone who 's just started to work , but let 's talk about someone who had already a wealthy life and a good job . He decides to vary his occupations by trying new things , things which he is completly unfamiliar with . Suppose that he manages to succeed in all of his new occupations , we ca n't deny the fact that among all of his activities , if one day there is any problem that pops and that he ca n't find any solutions . From one little problem he could lose lots of money by trying to save his affair , or even selling it . So , through those two exemples , I disagree completely with this statement . The only situation where I could agree , is that the person concerned , can afford itself taking those risks by trying new activities . I mean if he has a really good business and a safety bank account that ca n't be going down . But the safety is my priority for a successful person .
(FRE,high) During the twentieh century , cars have been in the very heart of the occidental society . Since the early 1920's , the number of individual vehicles had increased sharply . But today , many question themselves about the future of this kind of transportation . Will there be fewer cars in twenty years than there are today ? I believe there will , for three main reasons : firstly because of a ressources run out , secondly because of environmental considerations , and eventually for pratical , technical reasons due to the amount of space left . I would start by pointing out a problem which is widespoken about in the media in these days , that is to say the lack of gas ressources . A recent study showed that if the Chinese had as many cars as the average American , these Chinese cars will consume all the gas production on earth . That underlines a serious problem : there is not enough gas on this planet to allow everybody to have one 's own car . And this , I think , prevents cars from being this century 's personal transportation . Even though it has been tried to build cars running on hydrogen , the tests that were made have shown it would be much more expensive , much more dangerous , and much less efficient than gas . The lack of ressources is the first reason for which I believe there will be far fewer cars in twenty years . Furthermore , cars running on gas have had a terrible effect on our planet 's environment for the last century . People are slowly getting aware of that , even if it sometimes turns into real chestnuts , especially in French cities where 4x4 owners are told to be the main helpers of pollution , while there are plenty of other reasons . Yet , it is a fact that cars pollute much , and that we are very unlikely to find a cleaner efficient ressource . Finally , there is one very simple but crucial problem about cars , that is not as currently underlined as the lack of gas is : the lack of space . Let 's say that each single person in Beijing , for instance , own one 's personal car . What would happen ? We all have in mind the images of Beijing 's , or Tokyo 's incredibly crowded streets . How will how these people do to park their car , or even to get out milliom-car traffic jams with it ? Shall we turn the whole world into a gigantic parking lot ? This problem is already happening in developped countries 's largest cities , such as Tokyo and New-York City . Let 's face it , it would be a disaster if everyone owns one 's car in less developped countries 's immense cities , let 's say New Delhi or Johannesburg , where the infrastructures will certainly be poor , according to these cities 's development . In twenty years , th Earth will be crowded enough without any need for hundred-kilometer traffic jams . By way of conclusion , I would say that cars are definetely not our future , and that one should concentrate on improving public transportation .
(TEL,medium) What are academic subjects ? Does specializing in one specific subject help ? Or is it better to have a broader knowledge about various subjects ? Knowledge is like an ocean . There are various unlimited subjects . Most of us choose our subjects according to our interests and preference . Choosing a subject plays an important role in everyones life and thus an individual should make a clear dicission . The role choosing a specific subject played in my sisters life and the rapid change in the technology helped me realize that choosing a specific subject is very important in todays world . My sister is specialized in computer science engineering . She did her graduation and post graduation in only one subject . Now as a result many companies are willing to give a high paid job . She was interested right from her chilhood days in the field of computers . So because of her consistant approach towards the subject helped her to reach her goals and ambitions . The technology today is accelerating . There are many new discoveries and innovations in the field of science and technology . To catch up with the pace of this change one should constantly concentrate in any particular field . This would intern help him/her to participate to make new innovations in any particular field . This process would help in nation building . Therefore , I personally want to specialize in the field of computers like my sister and also be a part of innovating new technological systems . Thus specializing in any particular subject helps an individual to know the subject in detail and more specifically . So this is the main reason i choose to select any particular suject and specialise in it .
(JPN,medium) I disagree with the statement . I think it is more intereting to travel alone or by a relatively small size of the group without a tour guide . There are two main reasons to support my idea . First , it is true that to have a tour guide with us are better for the instructions about the sight-seeing place . However , I prefer to look up into the guide books by myself and imagine how to travel by my own way . When I traveled Kenya alone , it was really alone and little bit scarely . I have to speak by myself , look into the book , and communicate by my self . To tell the truth , that was the most exciting experience that I ever had when travelling . Because I was alone , I really feel everything from bottom of my heart , and had a peaceful mind to think of many things freely . Secondly , If there are friends or the people around me , that is fun only with that situation as I can talk a lot with such a people . However , I will loose my tentions to see carefully around myself . Also , if the tour guide explaine about the places in detail , I will become more passive to the situation . How can I remember these sights from heart ? It is doutful . Furthermore , I do not want to travel in a noisy large group with only Japanese . I can share my pleasure for sure , but may annoyed by some noisy , impolite people . That is the worst thing . For these reasons , I prefer to travel individually with making intereting plans and see whatever I want to talking with not only friends but also the local peoples a lot . That will sure to make the voyage intereting and effe
(GER,high) You often see old people on the street who are either angry , annoyed or very sad . By contrast most of the young people I know are very cheerful and relaxed . Apparently , most of the young people are much happier than older ones . Therefore , I personally believe that young people enjoy their lives more than older people . Evidently , older people have more maladies and painful physical problems . The body gets weaker when you become older and often causes horrible pains . Generally speaking , children and younger people are healthier and consequntly fitter . My grandfather for instance , had belly cancer and therefore did n't relish eating anymore . Being traumatized by horrible memories , many old people get more and more depressed in their old age . This causes difficulties that force old people to renounce many pleasures in life . For example , it becomes more and more difficult to travel . In addition , younger people still have a lot of wishes and ideas of what they want to accomplish and experience in life . Whereas old people tend to be frustrated because there is nothing new to discover . They have experienced nearly everything in life and do n't have any future plans . Young boys and girls can look forward and are still full of hope , whereas older people must look backward . In conclusion , I personlly believe that it is much easier to be happy when you are young . On the one hand , being young and fresh normally leads to a happier life because the body is generally fitter and painless . On the other hand , a child or teenager still has the opportunity to discover many things in life . Given all of these reasons , I recommend everyone to learn and experience as many things as possiple during his youth , since for most of the pleasures in life it will be too late one day
(ARA,medium) Nowadays , knowledge has changed , methods of approach are different , concepts has become more difficut to master , students have different abilities , there are students with limited abilites and stretched to students with overwhelming abilities , this does not put an end to learning experience , as there is a question that is floating in our minds and leads a person to a deeper thinking and makes him put his knowlege behind him . Is it more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is to learn facts ? To begin with , I surley accomodate this , and it is more influencial for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts , for example : what would it be better if a student knows that the sea is deep , or learns why its deep , that will give student a deeper , wider , and a variety of ways to think , students will be more efficient in their life , thus leading to better study and a safer vision to their future , and start thinking in a convergantly more significant way . In the past , people had limited recources , no computers , no television , and it would be good if they had books with a quite limited explanation , so our past ansistors depended on their logic , religon , and the scenario that they pass through everyday to learn facts , which lead them to a succesful life that we live nowadays , inventions and innovations passed through , so what is left ? Its more important to understand ideas and concepts , as I have mentioned that all facts have been produced , so what is left for a student nowadays is to dive deeper in ideas and concepts and try to get out with a sucessful summary at the end of the day , because one day he will be tested with the facts in front of him . Example : in a math exam a student gets all rules that he might need to solve the qustion , but what he needs is the concept of how to solve the question . It is not a mirracle for a student to pass his study life with flying coulors , every person owns his own mind , but the secret of each is where when and how to use it . which will result him in his/her desired outcome .
(JPN,low) In twenty year car will be fewer than today . I strongly to say agree . Fisrt , now a days gasolins fee inclusing day by day . For example , last month gasolin cost was 128yen / little but , after 1month later cost is 134yen / litter this is what happening in Japan . So nobody want to drive a car . Drive a car , It is only waste money . Not only reason for a cost , between the people now trending NOT NEED A CAR LIFE wich means some helthy people do not need a car , they are taking walk , ride a bycicle or tak a subway not using taxi . people always care about money and helth . Third reason we afraid of Oil peak . according to the news that in 5years all of oil will be gone and nothing to grow up any other oil line . oil is nessary for our life eventhough people waste oil such as drive a car . This statement say In twenty years cars will be fewer than today but I think Its happen in 5yeasr . we are keeping waste oil now , how could be takes twenty years . its not such a long term it will be soon . so I strongly to say agree cars will be fewer than today .
(JPN,medium) Some people think that the more important thing for students is to understand ideas and concepts ; other people think that the more important thing for them is to learn facts . Both ways are very important , but I prefer to lean facts . There are three reasons . First of all , learning facts is basic of study . For examle , when I was high school student , I had a history class . This class 's purpose is learning historical facts , not ideas and concepts . Second , students can get the specific while they are learning facts . For instance , in math class , students are supposed to learn formulars . This is the facts . Finally , learning facts is to understand the truth . In other words , facts never tell a lie . However , if students understand ideas and concepts , it has possibilities for them to misunderstand . For example , everybody has own idea and concept even though they are correct or not . If these ideas and concepts are correct , they make senses and have no ploblems in their lives . However , if they are wrong , they do not makes senses and have a lot of troubles . In order to prevent that , student should study facts , not ideas and concepts . I do not mention that it is not important for students to understand ideas and concepts . At the same time , I do not mention that it is important for them to learn facts only . As I stated , both ways are very important for students , especially young students . In Japan , a lot of schools such as a elementary school , a junior high school , and a high school , teach their students facts . However , a lot of universties teach thier students ideas and concepts because they are not young . In addition , they have abilities to understand ideas and concepts . In conclusion , it is more important for students to learn facts because they need foundamentals of study , especially young students .
(ARA,low) Nowadays it is becoming really populare and known to whatch advertisements . and the way that people react is defferint . Some peolpe beleive it and some do . will in my point of view they are important and i cheak what new in stores . there are three main ideas that let me like advertisements . thay can show you new products that you didnt knew about , tells you and show you evedans that it did satisfied people that tried this product , and usually in advertisement they sell you in special offers . First of all imagin if we did not have advertisement , how whould we know if there is a good prodduct that will be usefull for me and i need it . that it is in stores now . some time better products come after the old ones and needed to be improved to sadisfy the customers . Second , some products are not effective or as good another grand . when you see a comersial that tell you what did a customer how tried all grand of a partucalr object but was satisfied only of this grand for example , I once saw an advirtisment that selled healt piles . i called and order me one to see if they work or not and they told me that if i wanted my money back i will have to call after 2 weekes starting the day i try it . the product was dilevered i tried it for amonth and what they said wase true . finally when you see an advertisment of a new product sellers try to attracte peoples attention by giving customers better prices , so instade of selling you one product they will sell you two with the price of one . In conclusion advertisind for products are important to see whats going on and what are new things that are available in stores . and you don not have to try tje product if you dont want to . you could try it once and if you did not like is dont buy the prodact a
(TEL,high) In business , it is said that `` Change is the only constant '' . Through out history , examples abound where civilizations have fallen due to lack of change . This applies equally to people and organizations . Without a periodic renewal in the way things are done , there is a tendancy to stagnate and in certain cases , deteriorate . I agree with the statement that successful people do take risks and venture out into new avenues , rather than doing repetitive tasks . I would add a supporting assumption that the successful people base their work on certain core and fundamental principles that can be applied across various domains . These principles include work ethics , moral values and judgements along with business and technical fundamentals . Apple Computer 's CEO Steve Jobs is a prime example of a successful risk taker . Instead of letting his upheaval from Apple during the 1990s shatter him , he started a new company NeXT , which was subsequently acquired back by Apple . In parallel , he started Pixar animations , which is a completely different stream from what he was used to doing . Now , both Pixar , with its animation movies , and Apple , with its iPod , Macintosh Computers , are immensely successful companies with Steve Jobs at their helm . At the heart of his success lies the drive to do new things and doing the new tasks well instead of sticking with only doing one thing well . A similar example is that of Lee Iacoca with his time in Chrysler and Ford . The same statement applies to every professional . In order to grow within an organization , it is not sufficient to just do ones job . It is important to take that leap to the next level , which might be a big unknown , in order to show the capacity to grow to that next level and onward .
(SPA,medium) I think is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects intead of specialize in one specific subject . For example lets says that maria was invited to dinner and unfortunaly for her , she was the only youngest person on the table , so the other people would start talking about different topics and time to time maria would hace to disscus with the others , but if maria only has the knowledge for one topic , that would be embarsing for maria because she would be not able to answers or disscus with other people that had the knowledge that she doesnt have . Currently in our society a lot of topics need to be discuss , another example would be referent to mathematics , we use mathematics all the time and daily in our lifes , but the word math not only envolves one topic , also is related to our daily life , when we go shooping we use math to buy thing and calculate the prize , or buying food . like i said math is not only one topic but is also related to everything that sorround us . Nevertheless , a lot of people think that if they study for being a biologist , they are also studying the enviromental life and some topics related to nature , animals and their behavior , also include math because they not only going to learn about the enviroment but also they need to calculate the population of animals , plants . Indeed , we can see the importance of knowing more than one subject because is very usefull in our daily life , instead of specialize in one subject for those people that only had the knowledge in one topic or subject their lifes would be not easy than the others that at least have a general idea and they can discuss some of the topics that present in our daily lifes .
(SPA,high) People that try new things and that take risk rather than doing what they already know how to do well , are considered successfull . A succesfull person is someone who is open minded . This person is always willing to do something else , to try new and varied experiences in life , and always learned from the experience . That person will not care if someday she will have to go to another part of the world , to run an office there , she will only see it as a new ecperience in life and as an adventure . Another point is to take risks . Life is full of risks and people should be ready to face them with optimism . If people stay always doing the same they will live in a monotonous world , and this will only cause them to get bored of what they are doing and stop believing on themselfs . Instead an optimistic and succesfull person will always find the way of tuning that into an expereince given by life , find the positive side of it , or in other cases they will see this as a lesson to learn , and so they will change what they are doing or the job they are at . An example of a succesfull person , is someone that , is starting a new company . This is taken as a risk , but as a risk that is worth trying . Changing the way of living , that you have always been used to , into a wild and adventurous life , full of travels in which you meet new people , and learn a lesson of life from them , that later on you could apply on a company , is also concidered as a quality . Humans learn from mistakes , they teach you life lessons that you could only gain by facing new experiences . Trassspasing the save side of life , and taking risks , in any type of way , no matter if you make mistakes or if you regret it , will always be a price you recive . This qualities I believe make a person successful
(HIN,high) Enjoyment has nothing to do with the age but has lot more to do with heart , ability and more importantly with the conditions that a person is in . And for that reason I think that even the older people get to enjoy their life maybe in different ways but they do enjoy their life . Young people get to enjoy on the dance floors or in the college cafetaria . Similary the older generation get to enjoy and spend their time in their own thougful and entertaning ways . One and easily see lots of older people in the parks , enjoying walking , chit-chatting or enjoying various other activites their such as gardening , laughing clubs etc cetera . The park next to our society is one such living example . One can easily find lots of older people lottering either alone or in company of their friends or grandchildrens . Again older people are free from most of the tensions and duties such as money matters , family matters and thus lead more carefree life with ample amount of free time to spent as they please and in fullfilling their wishes and inventing new hobbies . For example their is an old couple staying next to my house who have taking clay modeling as their new hobbie . Lot of others prefer either reading , writing , travelling or enjoy spending time in various social activites , at religious places or playing around with their grandchildrens . Some people argue that older generation are weak and lack enough energy to enjoy life . Yes old age do comes with its own proplems such as health problems and low enery levels but this is old time story . One can easily find out the number of older people enjoying and living their life to fullest . For example the Prime Minister of India , the President of United States of America along with lots of other national and internation examples are openly challanging this view . For the above stated reasons I feel that even older people gets to enjoy their life maybe in their own way and not as the yong generation but their do enjoy their life ,
(TEL,high) The issue given at the hand is the usage of cars in the coming years . This issue is difficult as I have to present the various thoughts in this regard . I think that the usage of cars in the next 20 years is going to increase for the reasons that I am going to mention now . The first reason that I think that people would use more cars because the people in the developing countries are more focused on their travelling modes and are concerned about the comfort that using a personal vehicle can have . This is suggested by the fact that the number to car manufacturers are growing world - wide and that the customers are regularly offered cars a relatively low prices to encourage their sales . Even new designs have appeared and people are mad after the latest model car available in the market . Secondly , owing a car is considered as a symbol of prestige and is no longer restricted to high - income earning people . Any person who owns a two wheeler would dream to buy a car in near future and considering the population of average earning group world wide this claearly indicates that their wil be an increase in the usage of cars . This is human nature to long for more sophisticated things and car is just one of them . Even the point that the entire family can travel comfortably in one car cannot be ruled out . Thirdly , even if the traffic problem is considered , many developing countries are now building fly-overs , bridges and other architectural constructions keeping in mind the increase in the traffic in near future . Considering the design features many cars are now designed to be smaller so that they can fit in the most crowded road very easily . Even the parking problem is solved using magnificient structures that allow many vehicles to be parked at a single place which is usually underground . So even the government is expecting the increase in the use of four wheeler . Fourth reason that can be given is the development of new technology that ensures reduction in the fuel required , even the use of CNG can be considered which guarantees no pollution , increase in the performance of the vehicle and hence overall contributon to reducing the environmental pollution , which is usually bought in these cases , contribute to the increase in the number of car owners . For all the reasons-peoples attitude , traffic problem which can be solved , car manufacturer new designs and efforts in reducing the environmental pollution - I have mentioned above I think that the number of car owners are going to increase in the next twenty years .
(TEL,high) I believe that it is better to have a broad knowledge of multiple academic subjects than to be a specialist in only one . The primary reasons for this belief are the balance a student gains from having broad knowledge and the interrelationships that exist between different subjects . Lets start by looking at the importance of balanced knowledge . Being good in multiple subjects such as finance and strategic management will allow a management consultant to give advice taking multiple scenarios into consideration . On the other hand , a specialist in finance would be able to give a solution solely in terms of bottomlines resulting in a less practical solution for the customer . The second advantage is that a company needs to hire one student competent in two fields , rather than spend more resources hiring two experts . In addition , having two experts who do n't understand each other could result in an inferior solution because of the lack of agreement . The final reason is the interrelationships between subjects . For example , a physics scientist has to use complex mathematical formulas for proving some of his conclusions . If he was specialized in physics alone , he may not be able to prove his theories unlike a scientist who is good at physics and math . In conclusion , while a specialist may have value in certain situations , the better value proposition that a balanced student brings to the table and the multiple options he has in his career outweigh the advantage of specializing in one subject .
(SPA,high) When people travel to remote places they ussually think that the best way of getting to know well the place they are visiting is by being in a group led by a tour guide . This statement can be true if the person traveling is visiting the place by the first time . Other way , by personal experience I think it is better to travel only with the people you know and without a tour guide . The tour guides are of great help if you do n't know the place you are visiting . In a lot of cases if you do n't travel with a tour guide you can miss a lot of places to visit because you do n't know where they are located or what is the importance of this places . It is very important to know what are you visiting and what it represents , in the case of historical sites , biuldings , or places . In my case , I like to travel alone . That way I can go wherever I want , the times I want , and stay the time I want in different places . I am an architecture 's student and obviously I like to travel . The reason I like to travel is to know places of great architectural and historical importance and I love to have time to appreciate every corner of the place I 'm visiting . I like to see everything , to touch everything , and to feel everything . To do this I need a lot of time and I ca n't have someone telling me where to go , what to do , or even telling me false stories about some places . For example , if I have the opportunity some day to visit the Versalles Palace , I would not like to have someone telling me what to look or where to go . I will like to dance in the Mirror Hall and to smell in serenity the smelI of the garden 's flowers . I think that if you know the place , or at least are familiarized with the place you are visiting , it is important to go in your own peace , and do things your own way so you can enjoy the best your travel . This does not means neccesarly that if you do things more privately you are not going to enjoy the trip .
(ARA,low) In my opinion the enjoymanet of young people are more than thats for older people , because young people dont have a lot of ressponsibilities during the youth period such as that upon older people which include home loans , taxes , bills ... etc . Also youth always appear interested in parties and week end journies done by their friends , On other hand old people prefer stability , comfort and money savings . The youth always like traveling and changing its life routine which he assume a killing factor for his social relations that spent a lot of time producing them . while the older people prefer routine and reacts against changes of their life style what ever it was . According to the long experince of older people , their are more many things in life than enjoy , for example health , security which appears meanless for the youth . Those they have attendance to keep in track for much more time to benefit from each second of the life . Finally , according to the prementioned factors , older people have less enjoy than young people , and thats clear from the saying ( eat to live or live to eat ) which best illustrate the difference between this two kind of human beings .
(TEL,medium) The basic purpose of using a vehicle is to move from one place to other . Each one of us would like to travel comfortably and reach our destination quickly and safely . In order to have a comfortable travelling experience people prefer to use a personal vehicle rather than using a public vehicle . I disagree with the given statement and I personally feel that in the next twenty years , more number of cars would be used than there are today . As people tend to look for more comfort rather than expences . In the next twenty years lot of things are going to change in the living style . With the dovelopment of the science and technology at this rapid pace a lot of luxurius things are going to be invented and the human life tend to become more comfortable and luxurius . Car is also one of the primary comforts of the man . Its a medium of transport the allows the person to have a comfortable journey . As time passes that man tend to grow economically and socially . A car has become a symbol of social and economic status . An other reason I would think of more in number if cars in the future is the increase in the standard of automobile technology and the competetion between the automobile manufacturing companies . Due to this competetion the automobile companies start decreasing the prices of the cars and thus the cars are available at a more cheaper and affordable cost . The decrease in the prices of the cars and increase in the economic status of the people results in more people buying in cars and the is that more number of cars will be in use in the next twenty years . Finally , one more reason for people to use a car is to save the time . If you are using a public a public vehicle they will not be available at your time of need . There are some fixed timings and they follow that . Hence , I disagree with the given statement and personally feel that the usage of cars will increase rapidly in the future .
(KOR,medium) Sometimes , people likes to be alone and they imagine to go abroad by themselves . On the contrary , I like to travel by groups because it is more beneficial for the novice of traveling . By group traveling , we can save more time and money . In addition , we can gain good information from a tour guide . The first benefit of group tour is time . We can save lots of time in group tour because a guide knows where we should go next . For example , If I get to a place , I probably waste lots of time to find a parking lot . Last year I visited the historical place of Dallas , TX , where J.F.Kennedy had a shot . I spent for 30 minutes to find proper place to park . In addition , we are to lose directions . The second reason is the financial . The group tour does not require gas or parking fee . For instance , my family visited New York and Niagara Fall three years ago when we stayed in Chantly , Virgina . They chareged us only 450 dollars each person . We had great tour around there for four days . Before the tour , I calculated the amount of tour a person . It was 700 dollars . Lastly , we can gain good information from a guide . They are well educated about the traveling . When I had a tour New York , a guide showed me that how puritans settled down in Plymouth and how New York became the center of world trade . When he said the life of New Yorkers , especially immigrated from my country Korea , I could understand their pain in lives . As I listed above , I prefer to have a group tour because it saves time , money and allows me to have good knowledge about traveling place . Of course , I had a experience about traveling with only my wife to Washington D.C. last year . I think it was possible to have a tour without a guide because D.C. had very good and convenient transportation .
(ITA,medium) I am not completely sure about the agreement with the statement . The ideas and the conceps are at the base of facts . The fact begin when a man decide to put in pratic an idea or a concept , making it real . So if you want to know something you have to ask why has he doing this , what are the causes that are been on the bottom of the decision that make real something . On the other hand facts are necessary to know the condsequences of the action of someone who decided to follows his ideas . Having to make a choice I think that the keyword is the verb understand . If someone really understand a concept , he is more aknowledged , he is more capaeble to make his choices . the other who know only the fact can say : the things went in that way , the things are there , but in reality he does n't know how and why . I can take some example . In history I know that in that precise moment appened a precise thing . If I only know the fact i ca n't understand the real reason at the base . At in the end I can learn very little and have a very minimal personal improvement . But if I know the causes , what makes people to behave in that way , I can understand a lot ond maybe learn from their errors . another example that it cuold be made is not quite directly rapported but is very similar . Studying for example physics or other kind of similar matters if you know only the results you are not capaeble to understand the real meaning of the thing you are analysing . But if you can understand what the result is made with , what are the principles that are in game , you can organize them and put them togheter being capaeble to know what could happen next .
(TEL,medium) It is better to have broad knowledge of many academicsubjects than to specialize in one specific subject , having a complete knowledge about one subject will not promote to apply the concepts of other subjects , so in order to bulid up perfection in our studies its better to have a thorogh in depth knowledge of all the academic subjects , . i strongly agree with the statement , to bolster my opinion i shall presents fews examples . Turnining to the statements threshould claim , one informative example is docters , having a complete knowledge of the all academic subject such as anatomy and many more , will improve the jr.docters to perform the operation to the human bodies , because all the people going to docter will have complete credible on them that the docters cure their illness , there is no exageration that if adocter perform a eye operation he such be well perfect in all the organs funtioning such as brain , nervers etc. so docter should be well practiced with his academic subjects . Another informative example is in enginering section where , the students learn in the first two years the concepts of the few subjects will be help full them in their final semister , such as materal and energy balance will help full to them to apply in their transport phenomena subjects , such that all the basic principles from one subject will be related to other subject . soo it will like this , aperson goes to a TV shop to buy a tv , the shopkeeper tells about the TYPES OF TV 's present in his shops , tels that one tv is having sound quality of 50 % and screen quality of 80 % and onther tv is of sound quality 80 % and screen quality of 100 % we choose the second one for better quality thus every student be perfect in all academic subject IN sum , from my perspective its better to have a in depth knowledge of all the subject rather than having specialised in one specific subject ,
(HIN,high) The world is changing from day to day at a very fast pace . Form the time when man used nothing but his foot to travel he has reached a stage where he covers the same distance that he could before in a much smaller time . Technical advancement and man 's thirst for more knowledge made these things possible . Well , 20 years back from now in my country people used bullock carts , horses and man-pulled transport more than cars . So , chances are fair that 20 years from now man will use fewer cars for he might find a better alternative to it !! With this note I would like to agree with the fact that 20 years from now , there will be less cars on the road . In todays era there are already too many cars on the road flooding every nook and corner of the city and the outside of the city with equal intensity . The mode of transport that was believed to be the fastest till yeaterday had become the cause for the delay in most peoples travel schedule . why ? .. why not ? How many times have we come across situations when we start really early from home to meet someone or to keep up an appointment but , to our vain we find a road full of cars waiting for us to give them company . In any case even if the first hurdle is cleared we get to face another hurdle ` the red light signal ' and before you realise you are already too late to keep up your appointment . This problem is faced by most of us . To overcome this , the upperclass people prefer to travel by a private jet of a helicopter rather than taking a road . While today it might be a transport of the higher class , 20 years is a long period to bring down the cost of air journey considerably , so much so that even middle class will be able to afford it . Resulting in fewer cars on the road . The second reason for the contribution of less number of cars on the roads could be the scarcity of natural resources . while we all know how much petrol and desel is being burnt up every day in fuelling billions of cars all around the world , while the resources are very less . It could be firmly anticipated that after 20 years there might not be much fuel left to ignite all the cars . The country might take charge of the whole resource and use it only for the country 's experimentation and space reasearch . The country would then encourage its people to use the publich transport such as buses and trams which would require considerably less amount of fuel expenditure . It might also emphasize on electric-rail travel . This would accounting for fewer cars on the road . The third reason might be the spreading awarness of pollution among the youth . The youth of today is the future power . It is seen that the children of today are very understanding and more inclined to understanding their environment and problems connecting to them . There is spreading awareness among the youth about living in a better place while leaving enough resources for the generations to come . This might lead to a revolution where people would prefer to travel in a more nature friendly mode than cars . This can already be seen among people of today . They try using their bike or walk to nearby distances and travel in groups to school so that only one car need to be fueled . This attitude might take a wider turn after 20 years resulting in fewer cars on the road . In all the ways stated above the ultimate result would be fewer cars . Even if this is not the the ultimate result we should work for it to become the ultimate result . So that we can make our world a better place to live by avoiding global warming and pollution .
(KOR,low) Today , we are learning to various subject about math , history , etc . Even if our knowledge was broad , we did not know deeply about it . I disagree that it is batter to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . First of all , if we will take broad knowledge , we are dangerous about our life . Many people know many thing , but many of thing are incorrect . For examful , I know that customers are king . However , my knowledge is wrong . Customers are king and supplers are vary importent too . That is very dangerous . Second , if you going to dactor , you will going to specialize doctor than broad doctor . Broad doctor have not his specialize knowledge . Third , if we know specialize knowledge , we will get more money . For examful , Finally , we learn to deeply about specific subject . If we have specialize knoeledge , we will live more good life
(JPN,high) I agree to the statement where I believe most adverstisements make products seem much better than they really are . Such statement can be supported by my own personal experience and my friend 's experience . Through media , such as magazines and televisions , many products are advertised . Many of the products seem very cheap and good in quality from the way they are presented . One day , I was watching an advertisement channel where they sold a hair removal spray . The advertiser showed how anyone can remove their hair by spraying on their hair and simply wiping it by a towel . The show also showed a person remoivng her hair through wax very painfully , trying to get across the point this product is better than any other method to remove hair . Strongly convinced by the advertisement , I bought the spray and excitingly waited for its arrival . When the product arrived , I tried on the spray immediatly . I was dissapointed when the spray did not work at all . I kept spraying and wiping but my hairs never came off . From this experience , I realized how advertisements make product seems much better than they really are . Another example that supports my opinion is through my friend 's experience . My friend ordered a cosmetic magazine since she was interested in buying some make-up for herself . When she took a look at the cosmetic magazine , she was surprised at herself for not buying all of her cosmetic through magazine . The product were much cheapter and seemed better than buying at stores . She told me how she was never going to buy cosmetic products at Sephora or other cosmetic stores . My friend ordered a pack of lip sticks through the cosmetic magazine and she was busy bragging about it to her other friends . However , when the lip sticks arrived , they were so much smaller than they appeared in the magazine . The lip sticks were only about 1 inch long . From then on , my friend learned to never order anything through magazines . From these two experiences described above , it can seen that most advertisements do make products seem much better than they really are . We should all be causious of the advertisements and look into it carefully before buying any products .
(ARA,medium) Yes i do agree with the statment that says ( Young people enjoy life more than older people do ) basid on the follwing facts : Young people have no responsipelties such as the older people All they have to do is going to schools and enjoy the rest of the day playing or spending their time in deferent actevity , we have to admit that the time has changed dramaticlly , at our current time all the facility avalible for yong people but those who lived in the past have very lettel chances as there were no such faciliteis like what happning at this days . Old people have when they got to this aeg they need to enjoy the rest of their days and spend what they have saved all the past years , it is their time now spicially when beleves that they have done their jobs and it 's somebody eals times . The young people are still young for any responseblities at this stage and they sould live the chaildhood in a very good enviroment . I beleve that the parents are willing to do anything to their kids that they could n't do during their chaildhood , in addition to this it seames that everything are availible for young people this days not like the old days . The parents at this days are keening to grant their kids the best aportunity to grant them the best chances of raising them and put them in the best schools , comodations , and the stand of living . I also agree that the parents would do the best for their kids not only this but the official organaizitions around the world are protecting the childhood and mon
(GER,medium) Considering the fact that driving a car is getting the most stressful and exaggerating way to get from one place to the other because of the huge number of cars on our streets that produce traffic jams of intolarable length , I think it is without question that we should have fewer cars not only in twenty years but soon . The other possiple solution to build more and broader roads is improper due to environmental reasons . The debate taking place about climate change and the convincing arguments scholars are giving us for the fact that , if we go on emissing such large ammounts of CO2 , we are going to face a serious climate catastrophe , shows that we are forced to think of alternatives to the nowadays used cars . But I do not think personal transpotation systems in some other way will still be in use in twenty years . I hope that by then we will be able to use a type of energy that on the one hand does not pollute the air and on the other hand is regrowing . I am of the conviction that fossile energy is not a technique of the future . An other point I would like to discuss is the question if people could live without cars , maybe even should . Taking into consideration the millions of people killed in car accident I come to the conclusion that we should use a safer transportation system like trains . Of course we face the disadvantage that a given person is way more flexible when taking the car than when taking the train or other public transportation systems . I would recomment an improvement in these systems , for example a better network and more trains , in order to make the use of safer techniques more attractive . Coming to an end I would like to again express my hope , that at some point in time we will be independend from cars as we now know them with their noise , smell and negative consequenses on the environment and our health .
(KOR,medium) I really agree with that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Traveling along while plnning it by oneslef looks fun . However , we may disadvantage about economical , safe , and psychological points . Traveling not by a group tour may challengable because we have to decide everything by ourselves . Planning a travl will be fun and we will have a different taste from the group travel for their own design . However , it can be kind of waste of time and money . Usually , the group tour by a tour guide is cheaper for the larege number of a group and the guider will have enough of information around the area . It is out of question that the company of guiding a tour has a good capacity of information . Another issue can be safty . Going new place for a tour can carry along crimes . One guy who travels to Spain , for an example , was stolen a camera in a train . He realized that it happens so often in this area for the foreign tourist later . If he travels in a group , such a bad luck will happen rarely . The most valuable thing of tour is giving a good relief to people . They can forget their normal life and relieve their mental stress while in tour . If they plan for their town tour , it will be stressful . I heard that a couple who goes for a tour had a big trouble between them because they found some difficult issue in travel and got stress . As I mention above , planing for a tour by oursleve looks wonderful . But , we will spend more money , time and in dangerous with lack of information . Moreover , we will still in a stress while in a tour for the relife of mental .
(TEL,medium) In this mordern world every person seem to be busy some or the othe way . As the world is to fast people have to compeite with the world . young people are not so instersted in helping the communities and not only that they are unable to do that because of less time they have . As it is said that todays young people are twommorows citizens so they have to take care of the communities . Young ones are the ones who can do something for the society . In earlier days at the time when people should do something for the country along with there studies and the thing that most of the parents should encourage on all and they should make there children more concerned to the communities . A small example for this is that one off my relatives son every day he should have to clean around his house and see the gardening . And thus he can help the community by keeping it clean . in this way each and evey person should involve in doing so . so that we can develop the country . Every one of us should take part oand conduct survey and seminars so that they can learn how useful they are and then they will get involved . Although these is the situation or the process through we can tell the people but as time does not go as we say . in earlear days there was less to study and the use to to something but now the world is so fast that they dont have proper time play or help the community . Its seems to me as a unisided one i would agee with the topic because time should be managed and made possible to help the community and other thing is that time may be the only criteria . there are some points to disagree the the topic but can be neglected . PRAENTS SHOULD ENCOURAGE THE YOUNG ONCE
(HIN,medium) Basic education in school covers a wide range of subjects . Schools try to impart broad knowledge of many subjects to students . However , after graduation , a person has to take up a particular role in an organization or society . In order to perform his role effectively he needs to specialize in his job . I believe that foucs on specialization is very important in today 's world . People contribute to the society in different ways . Some people produce grains while others defend the society . The social system makes sure that people cooperate with each other and everyone takes up different responsibilities . This division of work leads to a more prosperous society . Hence people need to choose their specialization and make their contribution to society . Some activities , like research , need specialists . If someone is planning to undertake reseach , he needs to devote a lot of time to his topic of reseach . Today 's world is very complex . He will be more productive is all his energy and plans are focussed in one area . In conclusion , I believe that specialization is very beneficial to society . In fact , specialization is the need of the hour . Hence , as soon as students complete their basic education , they should identify their strengths and pursue a career that utilizes his strength .
(FRE,high) Productivity and profits are the core aspects of our economy , this way , companies advertized to improve the image of their products . The result is that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . They emphase on the main quality of their product in order to be attractive and of course do n't focus on the defects , or less attractive effects . Fisrt of all , advertisements are maid to spread the knowledge on a specific product , in order for the customer to buy it . Of course it has to be attractive and to show specific abilities . It can look much better than it really is . For example , take the pills that reduce the weight , it commounly sells miracles as one is supposed to loose kilos in one week . That seems great , and someone willing to loose a size would be tented . The advert does n't explain that it must be associated with a strict diet to be effective , and customers will certainly be disapointed . On the other hand , it wo n't be as effective if they expose how it really works , people will be more carefull , and the main purpose of the advertisement would't be reached in terms of quantities . But it also true that a satisfied customer will easily purchase again the product , and have a better effect in the length . For example , the yogurt that explains they reduce not only the fat but also the sugar , and taste good , is explaining everything about the diet , in contradiction with a lot of produts that claim they are 0 percen fat but contain a lot of sugars The customer can also ask for advice before purchasing and thus have a real idea of the product . He can also compare different products and choose the one that matches his requierements . Most advertisements make the products look better , but the customer is aware that everything is not said or explained , he must read between the lines and use his personal experience and knowledges .
(ITA,medium) If the most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are is a very interesting problem . How student in communication studies i had the opportunity to spent long time thiking about this statement and i feel to me to say that I am agree with it and now i want to explain the reasons : Is the nature of communication to build a illusory world , also called how simulacre world . That mean that everything wee see in television o hear by radio or , again , seen in the billboardsi n the streets is not real rappresentation of the true world , where we live in , but just a product persuasory world . This persuasory world is managed by great economic group that have the only target of : sell the most products possibily to the masses . The problem is that there are a lot of goods the the people do n't need . So we can understand how the core business of the advertisements is make products seem useful and greats . For this purpose there are lot of tricks coming from the commercial sphere of : music , text , visual arts . The copywriter are people able to use all this expedients to invite the costumer to buy the product . So , other than a communication student , I am a costumer and i want to point off my experiece . In particular i want to talk the case of the pizza . When we see it in the television advertisements , we can a fantastic slice of tomatoes and mozzarella and the green the basilic but when we get it out of the box , we just a poor slice of something that we think how probabily pizza . The problem is this . There is word that ask and invite you to buy a product and then there are the costumers , that use that product and find the true but is only business .
(JPN,low) Nowaday , the number of advertisements on TV , radio and internet and newspapers is increasing . In addition , we often see a lot of advertisements . Some of people accept the advertisement , that you see easily . But some of them hate it . Because most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . First , I am going tell you about food in advertisements . The food , that we watch on TV , is more better than they really are . There are a white fogs and moving something and other good food in addition to the food on TV . That things make you feel that you want to eat that food . But acutually if you eat them , you would get mad against the cooker . Secondly , the house in advertisement on newspaper . The houses in the picuture is great in newspaper . They are clean and big and so on . In addition , the background of the house is very beautiful in only newspapers . For example , when I was in Japan , I had a habbit . The habbit is to see some newspaper . Then I found the very great and beautiful house . There were near to my house . So I went there to see it . But it was different from the house in the newspaper strongly . Thus , the products that advert is very different from real product
(KOR,medium) I agree that knowing broad knowledge of many academic subject is better than just knowing one specific subject . The first reason is that knowing just one specific subject period is over . Knowing about one specific subject is important but with one subject is not enough . In ancient times many people tried for a long time with just one way and our generation 's goal is to combine the knowledge of many academic subjects and improve it with uniq idea , For example , these day biomath and computer programing based on math analysis is important rather than just math and biology and computer , So combining the many academic knowledge is important . The second reason is that today we need more practical thing occured by subject . For example in math , many people think that math does n't need in real life . But math is used in computer , music , we can fine nature has a paterns of math and also it is used in health and biology , That means we have to find new away to use our knowledge with many other academic subject to improve out society and world . From above , it is important to look and know about other subject because combining the many subject 's knowlege and making paratical thing by these subjects makes our world strong and improve .
(CHI,medium) At the first , i have to emphasize that i totally agree with the statement . Having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject . Once you have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , you will easily understand everthing in daily life and wo n't get confused by the subtle stuff . The reason why people usually respect and trace abnormal stuff , even think it is enigma , is always coming from the lacking of broad knowledge . If they had ever read a lot , then they would easily figure out why the miracle happens . Like the magic show , the magician shows everthing superising and makes people confusing . But if you ever had that kind of knowledge , and you will easily know what 's the secret inside . Same example of chemist , they can make lots of uncommon species . Without the broad knowledge , you will never know what truely happens inside . Specializing in one specific subject is good for a researcher , that would lead him or she to discover science and advancing detaily . But without a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , he might sometimes get confusing when his topic is out of his specific subject . With a broad knowledge is the best way to fix the problem . Same as the condiction today , scholars who study in biology start to study chemistry , and they also learn the physical process from the physicists . The combination of then makes advancing for science researching .
(ITA,medium) First of all I agree only partially with the statement above , and in particulary I think it ca n't be considered an always valid statment . I think that the problem is very simple : the statement can be considered true if we want to do a generical analysation of the problem . It 's well known that advertisements are done to try to sell a certain product , and so if they are not convincing how can the productor sell them ? A second factor is that in the world we live now , we are completely submersed by products of every type , every form , every colour and every brand , how could we choose one of them without advertisements or explanations of what the product is consisting on ? I have also to admit that sometimes the companies of medias exagerate in telling lies , but is in the intelligence of the person who have to buy something to not believe in everything they say , and first of all see the product with their eyes , ask for informations about it , compare the price and the features with that of the other products of the other companies , and finally buy the object . Generally I apply the way of thinking I explained above , but I have to admit that sometimes they captured me in their advertisement ; I will give you an example : some months ago I had to go to london to improve my English language , and when I had to book the flight I checked on internet the different possibilities . Flight sometimes are very expensive , expecially for a young girl like me and so I remembered I had seen an advertisement on a train in my city of a very low price company of flights . Then I found it on internet and booked my flight at a very surprising price ! only 50 euros ! First I was very happy , but when I arrived at the aireport I had to paid 50 euros more for my luggages and 30 euros more for the overweight of my luggages !!! I was very very very angry and I decided I wo n't believe anymore in the future in people who promit you something without asking anything !!
(JPN,medium) I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . When I watch the TV , there are so many advertisements which make sence of this statement . For example , Some family restaurants show on TV the stake and shrimp combo that they have . It looks like so big stake and many shrimps on the plate , but the stake looks smaller and not so many shrimps that our image from the TV when we go to the restaurants . How about the hotels ? I always look at the pictures of the hotels in the advertisements when I go to travel . Some hotels look so new and clean inside the hotels . Some hotels that I stayed were older than the picture that I saw in the picture , and also the rooms were smaller than the picture . Some training machines are really helpful for us to train for our body to get the mussle . On the TV , the show so easy to use and work out , but not all ways . I got an abdominal mussle training machine that was advertised by TV . They said that it was easy to use and just work out for 10 minutes per day for 2 weeks , and then we would get the perfect mussles like the woman who was on the TV . I had some fat on my abdominal area , so I thought it could help to remove my fat . However , it difficult to use and I could n't continue . So I think that
(JPN,medium) I completely agree with this statement . It costs a lot of money to have a car especially in Japan . People will find that there is no deal to use cars as transportation . This considerable reasons are cost , and other way of transportations . It is expensive to charge gasoline , because of decreasing . The place where we can get gasoline is now the stage of the war . I have read that there will be no energy fifty years later . Not only that it is expensive , but also people are afraid of their future life without energy power , so am I . There are many kinds of public transportations around us such as bus , train , and air plane . It saves gasoline not to use private car . It costs about sixty dollars for a car filled up gus . On the other hand , it costs about two hundred dollars to get an air plane ticket , then we can go abroad . In addition , There are so many advantages to use public transportation . Therefore , people do not have to rely on their own cars . In conclution , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , because people will not be able to pay the expense , and there are other useful foot in our life . Moreover , we can say that the less people to support riding own cars , the better reactions to the earth . It means that it is good for environment as well . I think there are too much cars around us .
(ARA,low) I agree with the statement , which says its more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . well first of all when students understand the ideas and concepts of a topic or something . For example , Histore class my opinion is students must undrstand the ideas and concpts , because it gives them more information than learning the facts . inaddtion , it is helpfull in so many ways for example , in a regulation or rules of a Universty is to show them the ideas and the concepts . Moreover , understanding ideas and concept for students
(TUR,medium) I agree the idea that it is more significant for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . First of all , many of the students would prefer the easier and quicker way of understanding . Understanding ideas and concepts is easier for a student to manage the information . If a student learns a new thing , she or he would first ask the ideas and concepts of the thing to realize the conditions of the new information . This way always seems more practical to the students . I also would prefer this way , since understanding the main idea by explaining both ideas and concepts would make me understand more easily . Facts are longer and harder way for most students . Since learning a fact contains many details in itself , it would be more complex for a student . Learning facts also takes longer period than it does in understanding ideas and concepts . This is mainly because of its complexity . If I would be introduced to a new topic , and given the specific information by learning facts , it would take me longer and harder to learn that topic . Because I have to analyze the fact first and then the related things that effect the fact . However , to understand ideas and concepts would supply me in realizing the new topic by giving specific information by ideas and concepts .
(TEL,high) I agree with the statement that one should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specializing in one specific subject . I believe in being `` jack of all trades and master of some '' . We should aim to increase our competency in the subjects that interest us , but should also have broad functional knowledge about the other subjects . This will also enhance our capability to integrate various subjects and arrive at a solution to a problem . It is because , in the present world scenario , the distinction between various subjects is becoming increasingly ambigious . There are lot of topics that are related to more than one academic subject . Our real world systems are also mirror this ambiguity . Fuzzy logic and programming IT domain are two concepts that address this fact . A person is also expected to be adept at handling more than one kind of issue . We are looking for people who are versatile and who have a variety of skill sets . For instance , managers are expected to understand market dynamics , organisational hierarchy , strategy consulting and even do performance appraisals . Similarly , in the IT industry , we are looking for good programmers with ` domain knowledge ' in more than one field . If a person restricts himself to specialisation in one subject , he will be completely ignorant about the other subjects that may have a critical impact on his daily life situations . Also , he may be missing out on some interesting facts related to the other subjects . A broad functional knowledge of many academic subjects also increases our ability to comprehend a problem and arrive at a holistic solution . We will attain a deeper understanding of the workings of various systems , both natural and man-made . Then , our thought processes will also tend towards analysing a situation , integrating our knowledge of various subjects and enabling us to be more imaginative and innovative . To put in a nutshell , a broad understanding of many academic subjects will make us become better solution providers and all - rounders in most walks of life .
(CHI,medium) It is obvious that there is no absolute agreement on the issue if people in lower age enjoy life more than the older ones do . Same person would even have different opinions as time flies . So far as I concern , I do believe that there is more joy in the life of the youth than the old . First and foremost , young people are in the prosess of growing , never will there not be something new for them . It is really interesting to find something that is fresh to you . Young people get more experience and knowlege about new things they encouter , and make there way to mature . Secondly , young people tend to take more risk in life while the older ones are more conservative . The more risk you take , the more fun you will find in life . A life full of challenges may not result in pressure but encourage the inspiration and inovation of the young . it is very common for young people to change their job and inhabitats often , they may move to the places where they think facinate at a time . The changes in life will always take in fresh thoughts and feelings that to make life more exciting . Last but not least , young people are phisically stronger than the older ones . As is well known , most sports are paticipated by people in lower age with more require on strength , stableness and alligibility . Most of the sports stars gain there reputations in there early age , as well as the successful people in other fields . Young people can do everything as ever good in their whole life . It feels ravishing when you get the feeling of having fully control of something you are good at . In conclusion , young people enjoys life much more than the older ones in many aspects . They are dynamic , lively and promising . Never can we deny the truth that years in youth is the best time in life for everyone .
(CHI,medium) I strongly agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . The society rapidly changes , facts will be someday outdated and not important when other facts show up . Therefore , understanding ideas and concepts is the best method to help student think abstractly and creatively . For example , in the car show , people would like to preform their ideal concept cars to give new insights to companies and customers the trend of the society flow . No matter the reliability and feature of the car , people have to think critically how the next step will be . If people just follow the stopped fact , people would not have new ideas to create and the society will not easily grow . Fact is just let people know that people need to be aware without making the same mistakes and errors . In childhood , students have to learn art , math , music , and science subjects to help students increase insights and be abstract . Understanding ideas and concepts can be used permanently , but facts is not . In some conditions , facts is more important when students make mistakes . Teacher gives either reinforcement and punishment to stop students ' behavior and help them create thoughts . In the fast-paced society , people everyday is struggling the meaning of life . For instances , money , realionship , culture , and safety are all meanful in human beings . This is a fixed fact . However , anything that gives meaning to human beings before fact would be ideas and concepts . Students will not know what love and money means until the day they learn and experience , and then one day become their own fact . As a result , in the twentieth century , to go a step further , people have to understand ideas and concepts and ignore the previous fact in oder to create new insights to contribute the modern society
(CHI,medium) People find that the traffic already become a terrible problem in those morden cities , those people who live in the cities and the countries spent a lot of time on the way between office and home . More and more cars bring the worse and worse traffic , so people try to find out the other way , like MRT or public bus , to solve the traffic problem . A group of people believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , because the MRT and public bus system will become more comfortable , and people will want to take MRT or bus but not driving by themselves . We can see every morden cities , like New York , Tokyo and Taipei , spent a lot of money to build MRT system to reduce the amount of driving people . Beside this reason , this group of people also believe that the higher price of gas will stop people to buy new cars but decide to take the public bus or MRT system . There are still the other group of people think in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today . Because people is getting richer and richer , and the price of a car is cheap enough to make almost every family want to have one . They believe that the car is not only a tool for traffic , but also a important sign in their life . When you driving , you can have fun during the process and arrive any place at anytime . You do n't have to wait the bus or walk to the MRT stations , it means you will have more time to get together with your family . In the other hand , the car coporation is develop the better cars that can use fewer gas or the other resource of energy , so people believe the higher and higher price of gas will not be the problem in the future . I believe in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today . The reasons are not only driving is so interesting that people will enjoy it forever , but also people will find out the other energy to replace gas we use today . I believe the car is not only a tool of traffic , but also a box full of great memory with friends and family that is unvalueable .
(HIN,medium) oh yes , the best way to travel is in a group , led by a guide , firstly we will discuss the importance of travelling in a group . it has been seen when we are travelling in group we get lot of monoterly benefits . Buy tickets in group , u get special discounts , staying in hotel enjoy discount , while ur travelling in group , if any one in the group becomes sick , their are so many people to take care of , which is very importan while you are travelling . now we will discuss the importance of tour guide , tour guides are usually from the travel agents , they are respensoable people in the society . they konw their job very well . so whe u you are wuth a tour guide , he will take you the best locations you will enjoy , as he is so familiar with the place , every thing is on his hand tips . he can explain the importance , the history , the beauty of that particular place in a wonderfull way . He will guide to some wonderfull places which you must not have imagined of , as a tour guide discovers so many other places , which are not shown in our tour maps . also travelling in group makes you to enjoy vast variety of food , as every one can order his own taste of food . like if you are travelling to kashmir , a tourist place in india . you will enjoy the hospitality of that hayamalan place , with a variety of food . tif you want to do some shopping , tour guide will suggest you the best place for shopping , best place for lunch , & dinners . By travelling in a Group you come across different , cultures , . you mix with them , make new friends , come across their ideas , put your point of view on a particular subject . by this way you know the world enjoy you trip . when you do camp fire in a group dancing , drinking music all around , you enjoy it more rather than sitting alone and of course tour guide on your side .
(TUR,high) The meaning of being succesful can vary person to person . Some people go on doing the things that they believe they are good at , while others prefer to try new things despite the risks that they need to take . I think a successful person is the one who likes trying new things and not being afraid of failing . A successful person should not be satisfied with what he or she has achieved . There can always be another areas to explore . I think it is very important for a person to be willing to improve his or her qualities by trying new things . By that way , this person can see what other areas she or he is talented and interested in . For me , a person is a successful one when she or he is open to new things and get the success at the end . Doing what you have always done is not a good way to show your success . If somebody is good at some activity and has just this achievement , it does not mean very much to me . The real success can be observed when a person tries to be successful in a new project or an area . For example , I am good at swimming and I have had many awards from various competitions . But I also had an interest to play chess . I have taken course for it and I am now a successful chess player . With that success in new area , I see myself more successful and talented . A successful person should be able to transfer his or her success from one area to another . Having confidence that you can be good at in different area and take risks is an indication of your motivation be successful and this is a characteristic that I believe a successful person should possess . In sum , I consider a person as a successful if that person gives importance to improve her or her qualities by trying new things , avoids from only doing the things she or he knows well and opens to the new experiences . Moreover , I think a successful person should be good at transfering his or her ability to various situations . I also try to be a person having such characteristics and motivationg myself to trying new things and not to fear from taking risks .
(JPN,high) I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do because of the following two reasons . First reason comes from the freedam of each person 's thought . Our present society allows us the freedam of value . Whether enjoying life in the former part of the life or in the latter part basically depends on each person 's judgement about value . There is no predominant notion that young people have to serve for the nation nor people have to enjoy their life when they are young . The general statement that youg people enjoy life more than older people might apply to some , but never applies to all the persons . For me , I think it desirable to enjoy life equally both in the former part of my life and the latter in a different way . On this point , I will explain later in this essay . Second reason is that our lifespan has extended very much compared to the past era . In the past , it might be beneficial to enjoy much during the youth time because it was difficult to enjoy life in the latter part of life owning to the disease and the limited life time . Now average lifespan is over seventies for male and eities for female . After the retirement , we can enjoy a plenty of free time . They can also use their experience to enjoy life better . As for the second reason , opponents might argue that young people also have the advantages for enjoying life . For example , young people have the advantage in the phyisicalness . Moreover , in terms of the mental aspects , young people have the fresh feeling and thinking . Therefore , they might argue it is unwise not to enjoy life when we are young . On this point , I agree that young people have thier own advantages for enjoyning life . However , as I noted above , old people also have the advantage in terms of freetime and experience . Therefore , my answer is that people should enjoy life both in the former part of life and the latter part utilizing own advantages .
(JPN,medium) Some people say that the number of automobiles will decrease in a couple of decades . However , I disagree with the statement for the following reasons . Fisrt of all , cars are most useful tool for people to move . For example , in 2001 , when I was sophomore in university , I lived in Tokyo and I had a travel to Hokkaido , the most northen island in Japan . I wanted to visit many place with beautiful forest and precious plants , because my major was biology and I was very interested in the diversity of plants in Hokkado , most cold realm in our countory . A problem was that there were no means to reach the forest because few people wanted to visit there . Then I determined to use a car and I enjoyed my trip with various types of plants . If I could not use cars , I would not have visited the exciting forest . As this example shows , cars satisfy our individual requirment , suggesting use of cars will be inevitable in near future . Second , there are possiblity that scientists create new types of cars moving without petroleum . One of major problems about cars is that they use petroleum . Using petroleum causes natural environment to be polluted . Also , shortage of petroleum in the earth is annoying problem . To address these issue , for example , scientist now develop cars whose fuel is ethanol , a kind of alcohol . We can easily create ethanol from crop , especially cone because of a large amount of cone 's supply . Scientists are also developing cars moving with electricity from solar energy . This is completely clean and not harmful . Although there is many problems to realize these next generations of cars , many countries promote these study and the application will be realized soon . Therefore , I disagree with the statement that the number of automobiles will decrease within next two decades .
(KOR,high) Ford , the genius who created the assembly line , in order to manufacture more cars in a smaller amount of time . Since then , the production of cars have increased rapidly . The cheaper and faster manufacturing of cars increased the production . Supplying the comfort of cars to most of the the world 's population . In my opinion , I think that there will be more cars than there are today . Today 's scientists are testing to create a new model of cars in order the decrease the greenhouse effect . There has been the invention of oil with the use of corn , however it has not been put ot effect yet due to the cost of cars which can function with that specific type of oil . However , as the supply of oil will run low throughout the years , the demand for corn oil would rice guaranteeing the hygiene and the cleaness of the air in the environment . Therefore , the people will not have to stress out about polluting the environment like today 's cars . The population over the year has risen rapidly . Over the next 20 years it is guaranteed that the population statistics chart will keep soaring higher and higher . The increase of population indicates that more cars will be needed for transportation . As I have stated in the previous paragraph of the hygiene of the corn oil , people would not have to worry about the greenhouse effect turing the Earth into a giant fire ball , or the glaciers melting and rising 100 meters above sea level . Due to the increase of population the production of cars will keep increasing as well . The increase in population soon will not be able to fit all the population in one metropolis . As the cities become crowded the people will move out of the cities into suburbian areas . Therefore , travelling will be necessary on a dailiy basis for most people who work in the center of the city , or have school in the cities . Due to the transportation needed everyday , many people will consider to buy a car . Therefore , the amount of cars in the streets will increase , along with the areas of the cities and the population in the world . Cars will soon be a necessary object , which the population of the world will rely heavily on . Therefore , the fluctuating of the amount of cars will not happen . As long as Ford remains in our history books as the father of cars , the decreasing of Ford 's invention will not happen .
(ITA,high) Young people today do not seems to care much about their community and do little to help them . The young generations seem to be too busy studying , working or relaxing to spend time for their community , but it is not only their fault . It is also the fast changing world that brought them to this stage , they do not seem to have time for anything but their own business . This is also because of the technological development that changed our lives by making things quicker and filling our days with more and more tasks to accomplish instead of keeping their number constant and giving us more time for ourselves or our community . The result is that at the end of the day we are a lot more stressed and tired and only care of relaxing . A good example is mobile phones that make us reacheble for work matters even while taking a walk in the park after office hours , often there is no clear cut between work and private life . Young people are normally those who take innovations more seriously and so they are the ones that always find something to do , no matter wheter it is useful or not , they are just not able to stop for a second . Society today is also more self-centered : people is aiming more at personal success and wealth and this of course brings people away from dedicating time to their community because in their mind every second of time is precious for themselves and somebody else can take care of the community . If this is the stereotype of the modern man , it is also going to be the model for young people and since they are smart and very quick at learning ( thanks also the higher average level of education ) they will lose no time and forget about the community . It is easy to find evidence of this as always less people volunteer to work for charities , hospitals and churches , but we can also notice it in the little things : so many people throw papers in the streets like they do not care because somebody will clean it sooner or later , this is a sign of missing respect to the community and it is jut like not dedicating time to it since the environment is also part of the community . Young people really do not know what it means to dedicate time to their community because they hardly ever do , they look at it has a waste of time and this is mainly because of the changing modern culture .
(KOR,low) it is difficult decide whether or not the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
(JPN,medium) I basically think that it is important for the undegraduate students to have chances to get knowledge of many academic subjects . And for the garduate students , I think they should specialize in one specific subject . But I personally think , no matter the undergraduate or graduated students , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . I will mention the reasons why I agree with the statement in the following paragraphs . First , I think people should keep broaden the sight for lives by studying a variety of academic subjects . I think people cannot live by doing one thing , and need to learn a lot about things through lives . And if people can learn a numerous kinds of academic subjects rather than one specific subject , I think people can get more chance to do something . In my case , I learned many academic subjects when I was a college student . I especially learned about Accounting , International trading , English and also Chinese language class . I am now working at a Japanese trading company and in charge of trading Oolong tea leaves from Hongkong China . And now I feel the subjects that I took at university are really useful for my business . For this exmple , taking many academic subjects to broaden knowledge is tremendously help on our way of working . Second , I think that broadening knowledge by taking many academic subjects makes us greatly motivated . As I mentioned above , I took the Accounting class when I was a student . Actually , I was not interested in it first , but as the class went ahead , I totally addicted about the attractive characteristics of Accounting . Now I am working in a field of international trading but addition to this , I am now studying to get a license of Japanese certified public accountant . In conclusion , I think to have boroad knowledge of many academic subjects make cahnge our sight for lives , enlarge way of working and our mind incredibly motivated . For those reasons , I myself agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
(HIN,medium) It is more impotent for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts i m agree with this fact because if a student just go for learning the matter he/she will never able to understand the thing . In order to answer a question a student must have to understand the question , because sometime teacher did't go for straight forward question they would change the language of it . so student get confused , if concept is clear than he/she can answer but if the concept is not clear than he would not able to answer . it is very essential to understand the ideas of the topic because if u have some idea about that topic than u can write some point about it . and it 's also better to clearfify the concept of the topic because many of the time teacher will go for the indirect questions , eg.if a indirect question came the studunt who learn the thing will not be able to answer but if the student have understand the idea and concept is clear thea the student would be able to give good answer than the student who just learn the thing . Another one of the good example is math student . math is one of the tricky subject . in math some question are very easy to do , but in some question student must have to use it 's own tricky mind . some question just required a formula to solve the question but in some two or more than two formula 's can be used to solve the problem which can be done by a student whose who understand the question and whose concept is clear , if this type of question is given to students who just learn the fact he/she will not able to answer because that student will used to solve that question by using just one formula which is not possible . So i think it is more importent to understant the concept than to learn facts .
(SPA,high) If most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ? I would say probably yes , because that is the aim of advertisement itself . All professions have a reason for being . Lawyers try to avoid or solve conflicts between two or more parties . Doctors try to cure sick people and prevent their pacients of getting ill . Teachers educate and teach their studentes . So what do professionals in the advertisement area do ? They try to raise the sell of their clients products . In order to convince a group of the population to buy a certain product , you have to give them reasons to do so . On the first place the publicists define a certain target group for the product they want to sell : male or female , teenager or grown ups , professional women or housewifes , and so on . Once they have a certain group of possible buyers , they have to enhance the benefits of the item for that party of the population . Telling someone the negative consecuences of something is not a good marketing . So they just tell the possible consumers about the great advantages of using this product , making only reference to the pro 's and leaving out the con 's . An advertisement will probably mention how much better or efficient than other companies ' products this item solves a certain issue or conflict . Making a difference , that is one of the keystones . Also , an advertisment generally tries to enhance all the improvement the use of this product will do in one 's life , not only on the purpose of itself but also in a broader way . Using a certain milk product will suddenly not only be better because of the calcium in the milk , it will also make you look healthier and younger , have a better skin , and - why not - find a boyfriend or enjoy more the time with your children . These are the ways advertisment works and reaches the people : directed to the right group of consumers , mentioning only the benefits and enhancing those as good as possible , and then putting those consecuences into a larger picture . That 's why advertisements make a product seem much better than it really is , because that 's what it 's supposed to do .
(GER,high) First of all I have to admit that it is very difficult for me to say if I agree or disagree with this statement . In my opinion it is a very important thing that young people give enough time to helping their communities . But young people do not and neither do I. I do not have any time to help my community because I spend most of my time at university and I have to work verz hard in my free time , too . I can understand why young people do not want to help their community . The first reason is that young people do not get money for this work . Perhaps if they got money they would help their community . Another reason is that young people only want to enjoy their lifes . They do not think a lot about community . Another reason could be that young people want to discover the world . They do not want to stay with their community . Perhaps it is possible to lure young people to help their communities . If there were good conditions they would help . And if some young people began this work other people would follow . So if many young people were involved in this help they would have fun together . Furthermore it is necessary to make a lot of advertisment for helping the community . But from my point of view you have to see the facts . As I mentioned at the beginning of my essay young people are not interested in helping their community and I think it would be a really difficult briefing to change their behaviour or opinion . And I think there are other people who have to help the community , for instance the major . So , in summay I have to say that I am a little bit sad about it that I can not help my community very much . But I can understand people who do not have any time helping their community or do not want to . From my point of view young people have to solve other problems than helping their community . But people who do not have a lot work to do might help .
(JPN,medium) I think young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . There are three reasons why I can say so . First , the connection between people in our society has been getting weaker these days in Japan . Therefore , it does not seem that we have to pay attention to the community any more . About 40 or 50 years ago , the connection between people in the community was very strong . Because there are less people in one community , almost all the members of community knew each other . Children was scold by other child 's parents if they behaved badly . So , young people thought they were nurtred and educated by the community . Therefore they tended to think that they had to return something for the community . However , we do not even know the members of our community , because there are too many people in one community . We do not even greet each other . So young people can not think `` we are here because of the good community '' . This is the first reason why young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . The second reason is that young people spend more time for themselves than they used to do . We have a lot of entertainment and attractive things in the world nowadays . Some want to see rock musicians , others want to see baseball games . In addition , we can do most of things without anybody 's help in the community . Althogh some young people are helping their communities by volunteering . However , now it has been works for their own purposes . Many universities and companies admit students ' volunteer experiences as their `` evidences of good personalities and social skills '' So , these volunteer works are done for their own rather than the community . Most of young people may not do volunteer work after they enter the universities or companies . This is why I think young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
(SPA,high) It is dificult to forecast the evolution of the use of cars in twenty years , because it depends on a lot of factors that could change in such a long time . However , and given the news that we are facing all days , I think is possible having an accurate idea about what the future will be , and in this future will be fewer cars . At first , looking back to the past , we can see that the development of car manufacturing was linked to some social and economic factors . In the very beggining of car industry , a car was considered a luxurious device for most of the population , but thanks to Henry Ford , the private automobile became a popular consume good , formerly in the United States and later in Europe . In its heyday in the fifties , the american cars were a symbol of power and wealth in all the countries of the world . Nevertheless , the environmental conditions have changed widely in the last decades . The continuous rising of the gas prices , linked to the political unstability of the leading productors ; the rising of the consciousness that the planet resources are limited , and the fact that the natural environment is being harmed , have changed the attitude towards the private car . Indeed , the urban life has been severely disturbed by the wide use of cars . The possibility of using the car to conmmute everyday has created the sprawl phenomenon , with the bitter consequence of decaying inner cities , collapsed highways , destruction of farmland , pollution , and lack of social contact in the car-oriented suburbs . Therefore , I think that the use of the car will be reduced in the future . It is necesary that all the society face the environmental and social problems that cars are creating . Of course I think that cars are useful and I drive , however , I think that cars should be used in a more smart way than today . Combinig the car with efficient public transportation networks , we will create a different and most sustainable pattern of urban growing .
(ARA,medium) Young people are more likely to enjoy life than older people . Age factor is one the main reasons that put life of older people whithin limits . First of all , most sports require an age limit , such as Tennis and Foot-Ball . As an Example , my father loves Foot-Ball but he can no longer play it , because he cannot run as fast as he used to . Another example is Mountain Climbing . Most mountain climbers are young because this kind of activity require good heart rates and endurance , and as we all know , the older a person gets , the less his heart operates due to age factor . Second , older people have less sex drive than they had before . Also , old women can no longer have babies after 45th year of their age . Young people can perform lot of sports activities . Most sports players are less than 25 years old as required by most sports . As a result , unlike older people who are usually on diet or on medical treatments that prevents them from eating or drinking what they like , most younger people do not fall under those restrictions that prevents a person from doing what he or she likes to do .
(ARA,medium) yes , I totally agree taht young people enjoy life more than older people only in normal situations ( that is neither of them is sick or ill ) . Most of the young people during their studieng period do not have any responsibilties becuse their parents are taking care of them from the expenses to the living . All what they do is thinking about parties like birthdayes , celibration and meeting with their freinds . Lots of them have plenty of aspires that they will to acheve . Some thinks that they want to travel around the world and the other is workinkg hard to build him a good live . Also when they graduate and begin to separate from their families lots of apportunities is waitin for them eather merage or jobs . They also have a healthy body that let them be more debendent on trheir selfs . But lot us look at the old people their bodies begins to be weeker and weeker . They cannot do what they used to do when they are young like traveling or plaieng sport . They cannot debend on their self they need a help in every thing they do . Even some of them cannot continue in his livleyhood and lots of them stars the yto lose the interist in every thing . Thats explain that why in some countries we see some old people after they retaier from work they chang their place of living , they try to travel do difrent citeis whch they think its much pecfull and comfortable from capital citeis . People say that the communiteis and the culture is built on there young people hands and that explains that young people have lots of enjoiable things that they live for and old people must give the cahnce for the young people becuse they had theier own chance .
(HIN,high) I believe that two decades from now we shall have fewer cars than there are today . To achieve a sustainable development , already many countries are discouraging use of private transport and framing rules and regulations that will lead to mass acceptance of public transport . Moreover , with advancements in transport technology , alternative modes of transport will develop . World population is increasing at tremendous rate . With rise in population increases the demand for travel since the total number of individuals increase So , one might think that future will show us growth in number of cars too . But , for this to happen infrastructure should also increase at the same pace . Car building workshops will have to increase the capacity . Pertroleum companies will have to dig more wells . But , from where are they going to find the resources ! People cannot go on exploiting environment in the way they want to achieve their comfort of travelling in their own car . There is growing world consciousness that one cannot sacrifice the development of future generation to become merrier today . Hence , many countries of the world , like US , Brazil , Singapore , India have embarked upon a novel and ambitious project of `` Sustainable Development '' . Various organisations like International Energy Agency and World Bank work together with many countries under this project to create a better future . Rules and regulations have been framed to popularise public transport . With time certainly demand for personal transport will go down and so will be the number of cars . Moreover , if one were to go by temporal relationship between science depicted in movies and technolgy in the day-to-day world , one will see that whatever a fiction writer or movie director imagines has come true in about few years from the inception because of science . For instance , a ` submarine ' imagined in `` Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea '' ( a book by R.L.Stevenson ) was made a reality few years after its publication . Hence , it would not be preposterous to believe that we will have our own personal flying automobiles as shown in the movie `` The Fifth Element '' . In fact , if humans are able to colonise in space e.g. moon , there shall be more space vehicles and less cars . One might also envisage a `` Particle Transporter '' as seen in `` Star Trek '' . Then there shall not remain a need for anyone to have a car . Given , the rapid development and promises offered by Science all this seems quite achieveable within next two decades . Hence , it can be safely said that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years down the line .
(FRE,medium) Old people and young people have not the same activities , hobies , and tastes . In fact , your life is totally different from an age to an other . Whill young people study older people have more responsabilities . However when people are young they are not considerate as adults so they can do what ever they wish for : have fun with their friends , party a lot , not take of the house , not have duties ... Altough , they have to work a lot to get a good future . Young people chose in a way what they will be after . If they study well , they can have a better job . This is n't a great joy , your are in competition with all of yours friends , you might loose some friends for better grades . So in oder to have fun after school they have to be determinate . Nevertheless , after school when you get a nice job well paid you will still have to work hard all your life . It 's not easy , it 's stressfull . People can be alone , when you are at school you have the oportuninity to make a lot a friend because you come from the same area , the same town , you have the same interess whereas whem people get older they fell lonely , sometimes because they do n't like their jobs or it 's hard for them to be part of worklife . Altought if you get money you can travel a lot or sometimes enjoy yourself with your family and friends , but these moments are very rare . Whem peopleget older they have new responsabilities in life : children , house and job . Finally , old people can have an enyoing life when they are retired . In fact , they can do what they always wanted to do : travel , take of their grandechildren . In my opinion , when you can have a certain balance between school and freetimes young people have more fun than older people . Altough life is never easy : the age do n't depend on when you can be protected or prevented from bad things .
(ARA,high) Generally speaking , young people are the most important role-players in any community ; as they are able to give more . In my opinion , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . For example , what a young man cares about these days is where to find the newest and coolest video games , where he can download the latest MP3s and albums , or where to get a party held for fun ... and the list never ends ! Young people in the middle ages , unlike nowadays , had more pasion to work . For instance , they used to work in farms so they earn their living which enables them to get what they want and live their lives . While youngs depend on their parents in everything nowadays , young people had been responsible before . For example , youngs used to get married when they were at the beginning of their teen age . But on the other hand , by looking in the records of what youngs provided to their communities nowadays , we just find few good examples . Some young people participated in humanitarian organizations , which were very important means to help poor people around the world survive and live . Other examples might be young scientists . Have n't you heard about the 13 years old scientist who came up with a new method of calculation ? Yes its true ! The method is now being taught in cambridge university and many professors admited that it is very effecient . All what was mentioned above leads us to a point , which clearly shows that young people are a treasure , and they are a double-edged weapon . Communities ( parents in the first place ) should guide their kids and teach them to be giving , not only taking , as no one can deny the fact that says `` The more you give , the more you get ! ''
(TUR,low) All of things which is realeted with the studends can changes person an person . Their abilities , capabilities ; understanding skills time ... For example , Let 's talk about the ideas which is important to understand it or it is for them to learn facts which one is suitable for the studends . Is the first one or second ? One of them suitable for the studens an we chose it ... Firstifull , I think understanding ideas not only studends but also all of the people is really important . If he/she dont understand for example one of the idea or passage how can the studends commend it . How can describes focuces of the what he/she heard . i mean it is really important point expecially on students . In addition understanding ideas can occur after such as a good listening or consantrated on the topic . The students will be more succesful after that . Overall all of the things which I mentioned important for the student who wants to be succesfull . however , learning facts can be really difficult to desciribe which he/or she focused on it . The student can mix what thinking .
(KOR,high) As society is getting bigger and human population is getting increaseing , we face a lot of advertisements for products . Some people insist most advertisements make products seem much better that the real value , others advertisements help people choose the right product to show the exact advantage . I think the advertisements could give people the opportunity to think about the product rightly thought the right and exact information for the product . I think it should not be the wrongly exaggerated information but it should be the detailed the information . we do not have much time to compare all products easily and it is good for understanding based on the exact value . First of all , advertisements should show the fact that they have . It should be neither extored nor exaggerated information . We have the consumer satisfaction center and if the advertisements have the exaggerated information , they have to change it rightly . I worked in the advertisment company for two years in Korea . It is LG advertising company and it is the second biggest company in Korea . When we made the advertisements for medication for cold , the struction was so complax and strong . We could not use any exaggerated comment at all . We could not say `` getting welling '' or `` perfect medication '' . We could say exact information and instruction for the product . Secondly , advertisements enable people to consider the value of the product easily through the right information . In the advertisements , we could see comparison and contrast with other products . When I looked at the Hundai commerial advertisements in television , they compare their car with honda . With comparison , they had examples for warranty date difference . Hundai has 10 years warranty and Honda does not supprot that . Before I watched the commecial , I did not know the difference between the two different brand 's warranty date and it was helpful for me to buy the car . It is based on the fact of the service of the company and they could not deceive the costumer . In summery , as a fomer advertisements made person I understand how eagerly client want to show the much more value for consumers . However in the process of making the advertisements , there are a great construction to have to show the fact . This fact also people allow to choose the right product easily .
(JPN,low) I agree that it is more important for students to ndertand ideas and concepts than it is for the to learn facts . To tie yourself up to facts , produce facts that alredy existd , therefore it cause nothing else . However , understanding ideas and concepts , you may obtain various ways of opinions from each person . When you analyse cohensive fact from them , you will see several fact . For example , if you think about excution , and you conclude it is unnecessarry from one article , there ought to be existed those who disaree with it reason that they killed humakind and it 's obviously outlaw . He should get punishment . Eve if both ideas are acceptable , they 're lead through by simple agement . People need to collect those information by not standing by both sides , and find solution how object has to be concluded .
(CHI,low) That 's a comlex question to answer . Mant peoplle believe that the young enjoy their life more than older people do . They have so many reasons and examples to say this . Such as young people have less experiences of the society and world surrounding them , to them . everything to them seem to be a new challenge , that will arouse big interesting of them on these new chanllenge , they will ask so many `` what '' and `` why '' , and they will try their best to discover these `` what '' and `` why '' without considering it 's safe or danger , good or bad . They just enjoy the progress they made through the discovering the new things . Further more , young people have more time and energy doing a thing than older peopole do , they do not afraid of failer and danger , they think they can conquer all the difficulties they faced and finally get to success . To the older people , it 's totally different . older people have experienced so much , and many thing to them seems like nothing but repeat , they have no couriosities on what they meet and hear , they think that everything routine . What they do everyday is just a routine , everything happend on everyday is like yestoday , it 's boring , . So they will not enjoy it . I agree with the first opinon
(KOR,medium) I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . For example , my family had a apple tree in our backyard . When we get the apple from the tree the apple had worse looking than from a store . Another example is I have heard that a company for selling foods , which are Manto and Dimsom , made the foods just good taste and good-looking , but not good for health . First , when I was in my elementary school in Korea , my family had a apple tree in our backyard of my apartment . We never gave it any chemical pesticide or never do advertisements . After I graduated from the elementary school , my family and I could get nine apples from the tree . Three of them were already eaten by insects , so we could n't eat the tree of them ; however , others were fine , but it looked really worse than the apples in a fruits store . Even if the taste of my apples was better than of the store 's apples , I felt my apple 's taste is worse because the appearance of my apples made the apple had bad taste . Second , I have seen that a company for selling foods , Manto , Dimsom , or etc. , made the food by the wasted trashes from restourants in the news . When they made it had a good-looking , they did advertisements , also they put some chemical materials to make it has good teste . So , the food from the company had really good taste and good looking , but extremly bad for one 's health . There are still some companies like that in Korea . Even though the food is not already eatable , the advertisments make it eatable . For that reason , I agree that advertisements make products seem better . Because of my expriences , the apple tree and news about ` Trash Food , ' I agree that the most advericements make products seem much better thatn they really are . But , I also think the advertisements is necessary because I make the food taste better by giving good appearace .
(KOR,medium) Some people say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide beause of convenience and obtaining information by tour guide . Both ways of this argument have advantages . However I would side with that best way to travel is alone without tour guide because of free and beneficial experience . Now then I wll present this opinion by considering these two advantages . On the one hand , traveling with a group led by tour guide might be said to cause advantages . On top of that if people travel with their guide they enjoy their tour conveniently . In other words the schedule is already settig so people just travel without thinking such as where I am and then and so on . In addition the tour guide give the tour information whenever people travel about there information . when I was in high school I travel America led by tour guide the tour guide makes my family feel convenience . On the other hand , . travelig alone without tour guide would give many advantages . Firstly , if people travel alone they enjoy free and without inference and they can wander anywhere that they want . If oppurtunity to travel is given to me I want to travel swiss that I want to go . Secondly , trveling alone is good choice by experience directly . In other words this is useful to social peronrelationship and social experience . So traveling is very good . All thihs considered , two way is both best way . however I think that traveling is more beneficial and the best way . That 's because free is more important to me that convenience led by tour guide . Eventually , I thik that the best way to travel is alone .
(SPA,medium) Sometimes the man needs to know at least a little of everything what happen in his life . For instance , if you go to the mountain and someone hurt himself you should know how to act in this case , I mean , what kind of medicine or method is the most indicated to help him . But , in the other hand , if you are a doctor you should take a specialization in an specific part of the human body to help people who need , for example , traumatological procedures . Actually , if everyone will know a little about everything sometimes it will not be great or helpful . How we will do with a child with cancer if does not exist anyone who be able to operate him ? Or , in other case , if you will know just how to make a good cake , do you think you have future in the kitchen ? I do not think so , you should know at least few things about how to cook fish , meal , etc . Since your chilhood you are learning what the world and the circunstances put in front of you . All the people is abble to affor a variety of situations wich are present in our lifes . Even so , when you get into college your studies must be directed to make an specific labor . The one you think you have the best development . I am going to study Computer Science next year , these are general studies about the computers , but I do not want to stay just with this studies , therefore , I will be deligthed to learn about networks and designe through computers software . In short , for all these reasons , I am not abble to say if I am in agreement or not with the statement . Learn all the subjects you want but do not forge to centralize your interests in something you think is the most important , interesting and comfortable for you .
(KOR,medium) Nowadays , young people are very busy studying or doing other things , so they do not volunteer to help their communities . In their teens they have to study for the university entrance test . Other young people would play . They think that helping communities is very hard . In my community , every teenagers has to study for their own good . The fact that they spend the day studying , they do n't have enough time to help the community . I am a teenaged girl and I want to volunteer to support the town , but I do not have the time . I believe that young people would like to help the community . In their middle schools or high schools , if they have free time they would hang out with their friends . Because they did the hard work studying , they want to rest . Teenagers would like rest in their home playing computer games or watching TV . In my school , students have to work for the community for amount of the time , but they would ask their dad to make a certificate which prove that the student volunteered for the work . They think that helping the community means cleaning the streets , and doing dirty and hard works . Students should give enough time to help communities , but they do n't . In one reason , students have to study for the university entrance test . Even if they have the time to do the helping , students would play with their friends to relieve . Many young people think that supporting thier towns is very hard work to do .
(CHI,low) yes i 'm agree it , i think it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . nowdays students very clearly , they can use thier think do every things , if they ahve more interest in something , they will do it all time . as a student not just learn some information and knowleadge form class and teacher , more and more people think use their think about something more useful just learn some information from calss . with world was development , more and more comnpany want to own high skill people , but people have high skill not just learn from class , you must think about everything use your brain , if you think about some ideas , it 's was yours . not other people , although your ideas was not very true , it was yours , it means you make your brain , and think about something , you unstand these ideas and concepts then you can think about again , you can use your option , some of country , they teach student some knowledages , they just teach then htese , they never let student why you chosse this , then student also dont ask teacher why , i think it was not your knowledage , you could n't remember it , beacuse you not understand it , you just read it , it was very bad for your study . now , most of school was suggestion teacher how to teach student , i think when you learn some information you must understand these meanings , it was basic , beacuse only you have understand these meaning , then you can use youe own ideas to explain it , it was a good behavior , if you always to do it , then you have a good behavior , it was very useful for you , if you have some troubles , you not wrooy about it , you will face to it , beacuse you know you can use your brain to do it . so i think student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . everybody must learn it , it was very useful for you .
(TEL,medium) Specialization in one specific subject is not usefull in each and every where . specalization confindes us to a perticular part of the subject and gives us knowledge about only that part but in detail . So it makes mastre in that perticular topic , but gives us no knowledge about the other subjects . for example , if a patient is suffering for heart attack comes for the treatment , a specialist is needed to treat the patient . but for treating patients suffering from cold , fractures , etc.you dont need a specialist . specialist are needed only wned there is a problem which others cannot solve . so gaining konwledge about a specific subject is not always fruitfill . Acquiring board knowledge of many academic subjects will not make a person master in a perticular subject . But provides the basic information about every subject as well as avery topic . It depends on the type of field in which you are working , whether the board knowledgeof many academic subjects is good or specialized to a special subject . For example there is no need for a specialist to build a sand house near the bank of a river . Where as u need a specialist if u want to build an appartment . the knowiedge of academic subjects gives an idea of the subjects , where as specializing in one perticular topic makes a person a master in th
(ITA,high) First of all , we have to determine whether we are supposing to be in a high school or in a college situation . That definition makes a great difference on my opinion . In fact , if we are in the high school case , I think it is important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . The reason is that high school students have to primarily go over as many subjects as they can to realize which are the ones they are most interested in . Second , a wide knowledge of subjects gives the students a wider view , it `` opens '' their mind , and get them the opportunity to increase their culture level . However , this is not valid for senior high school students because once they reach the last school year before college , they should now focus on what they would like to study in the future . For instance , if a student wants to study Advertising at the university , he should start taking Art classes , or Economics lessons , so that to receive an introduction , a perspective of what he will study the following years . On the other hand , talking about college situation , I disagree with the statement since I believe that , once you graduate from high school and you get prepared for the university , you should concentrate yourself on a specific subject . That does not mean , by the way , that you do not have to study other subjects . It simply mean that you have to channel your studies on the subject you will need in your future job . Taking the previous example , if I want to become an art director in an advertising agency , I will not continue studying languages , maths , physical education , and the other subjects I was used to study at the high school . Instead of them , I will choose subjects that directly concern with advertising , such as the history of advertising , the economic method of advertising , and other subjects that best fit whit my future job . In conclusion , I believe that having a broad , wide knowledge of many academic subjects is very important for it let us make up our minds about our future , but once realized our primarily interests , we should focus on that ones and start becoming who we want to become .
(JPN,medium) Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , because it will give them a new perspective for certain aspects . Those people who do not try new things can never find the new aspects of life . For instance , trying new studies will help people to find their ability and starting new hobbies will give them a new , fun time . Starting unfamiliar studies is not an easy option , but the choice will lead to the intellectual improvement for people . For example , the peson who favors writing literature can find their hidden ability of completely another study . The person can start learning how to lecure to the audience , or students . It will emphasize his or her future choice . Trying to a new studies will trigger the discovering of potential abilities . Furthermore , staring a new hobby will lead people to have more fun time and pleasure . It can add the new tralents which will improve the people 's abilit , and it can give he or she the meantal pleasure . For instance , a music person can find a new joy by starting sports such as , soccer , v. The sports also give a pleasant time ; therefore , the person can ameriolate his or her life . Indeed , people who try new things rahter than staying their line can find better life and add their joy and ability . The new abilities will improve a person and widdens the future choice abd fun . Starting an unfamiliar studies or hobbies require lots of energy ; however , It has positive influence on people even the tried thing are unsuccessful . The act of trying is the importance , and it definately contributes to the intellectual improvement .
(SPA,low) I agree , all students have to understand ideas and concetps , because it is one way to learn about a topic , and it is easier for them to focus and memorize . They will know the concepts in their world , and they are going to be able to put in practice . I think it is going to be difficult to forget , becuase if the concepts is easier to memorize , they will practice evey day . and it is going to realize evey day . For example . When you want to learn something , the firs step is to take a book or a dictionary , and you find out a world , at he beging , it is to be difficult but they want to undertand the meaning . Another way , it is when start going to the school , the teacher write a concepts on the board , and they explain to the student , in their word , besides they use a pictures or draw . All teachers are trying to explain the meaning and the goal for the teachers is going to be , when they know everybody in the class understood . At the end of the semester , they are able to past the exam , and they are goint to get good grades . At the end I think to know and understan the ideas it is going to be heplfull , in my experiecia , it helps in my carreear , At the begining of the university you have to memorize a lot concepst , the only way you can do that
(HIN,high) I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . I believe that there is no requirement of an age for people to enjoy their life . I do not claim that young people do not enjoy their life , instead older people do too . Those who support this statement would say that when people get old , their enthusiasm dies and due to old age health problems set in . But I would say that once we are old and free from the daily work schedule we actually get time for ourselves , your families , and our friends . It gives us the time to pursue our hobbies or passions which we could not attend to when we are busy earning money . We enjoy our grandchildren more than we might have enjoyed our children . We have the time to take care of our health , which we probably neglected when we were young and busy with work . We are more mature and more tolerant due to our experiences , and things do n't affect us as much as they did when we were not so understanding in our youth . We enjoy our hard earned money after working during all our youth . We have the time to go for holidays with family and see the world which we did n't see earlier due to lack of time . In youth due to lack of time we miss out on a lot of things which we can come back to later in our old age . In our youth , we are immature and things that we enjoy are more materialistic . Whereas , in our old age , having known the world and become wiser we know that true happiness lies in being a good human and being content with what we have . Old age brings with it , a lot of good things besides a few bad ones , of course . But being old does not mean that one cannot enjoy it . There is rarely a time in your life when you are fully content with the way it is going and when all is actually well . It is all about the attitude that one should adopt to enjoy life not the age one has . Old people enjoy life as much , maybe more , than young people .
(CHI,medium) Given the choice between agree or disagree with that young people nowadys do not give enough time to helping their communities , will we agree or disagree ? It is considered that the answer is positive . However , I totally disagree that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities now . The reasons are presented as follow : First , lots of young people care about other people much , it maybe their friends , neithberhood , or even some people they do not know . For example , several weeks ago , it had a new on television said that a elementary school student saved his own allowance to help his neithbor , two little brother and sister , because their parents left them alone in the house for three days . Second , lots of young people join the communitity helping club at school . At school , we can see many students join the helping communitities club , because they want to help more people who need help . Third , lots of you people worry about the environment , so they do the recycle things , and it is helpful to the communities . To sum up , lots of young people are caring about people who lives in their live , joining the helping communities club to help someone they need help , worring about the environment to be clean . Therefore , I totally disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
(ITA,high) It is generally believed that to have a broad knowlegde of various academic subjects is preferable of being specialised in a sole subject . As far as I am concerned , I utterly agree with this statement for the following reasons . First of all , having a broad knowledge of more that just one subjet is certainly more useful to find a job . In today 's society , the marketplace is extremely full , as a result of which it is particularly difficult to find a job . If we take university students as an example , the chances that all of them will find an occupation in their respective fields of study is very slim . It is indeed extremely complicated to find the job of your dreams . Therefore , given the current situation , it is far better to have a broad knowledge of different subjects , since this is likely to improve the chances of obtaining a temporary job of any sort . Secondly , to my view , this first option is better for the simple fact that it more interesting and sensible , especially if you are interested in many subjects . Should a student have as many interests as I have , he will have a lots of difficulties in trying to decide , once for all , what he will study for the rest of his life . Personally , I like a considerable number of subjects which are extremely different from each other . As a result , it is hard to make a choice , especially if you think that this is a decision that is bound to influence the course of your life in the future . Cope with such pressure is very difficult . As a third point , I would like to add that a person who is specialised in many subjects will always have the opportunity to choose a more specific field of study later on . In this way , instead of making hurried decisions , he will be able to consider all the advantages and the disadvantages that the subject entails , and therefore be better prepared for his future working experience .
(KOR,high) Specializing in one specific subject might be considered more like a person that can do better work than a person with broad knowledge due to the deepness they have in their own field of education . However I think that broadly educated people are more useful and well made because of the trend of the present society and how the mind of an normal person works . First , the society these days require a wide range of knowlege . That is because almost every work done by people has something to do with other subjects . Except for some exceptions such as researching something scientificaly . For example people who learned only about managment do not understand other affairs that well even though those affairs are essential to business such as law and other stuff like that . For an another example , when someone wants to make a website on the internet , he or she needs lots of areas of education such as design , computer using , and some other things . Secondly , a person 's mind is n't appropriate for doing something that is same over and over again . The person will think the subject as a boring subject after a bit of time flows . It 's like eating the same thing over and over again , and it wo n't be efficient compared to studying some subjects widely . Think of studying math for four years and not anything else . It will be real frustrating . But if she or he studies something else when he gets boring about studying the same subject , that will refresh him and let him study math some other day with a replenished mind . In conclusion , I think that it is better to have a wild field of knowledge rather than to concentrate on one subject too much . That is because the world needs it is better for studying effeciently .
(GER,high) To answer the question , I have to define what `` successful '' means first . To me a successful person is someone who is in control of his life and able to live it the way he wants it to be . He is not limited by various barriers in his job or social life and has already achieved a high position in his profession as well as he has a large and stable circle of friends . One important barrier that stands in your way to fullfill your dreams is fear . If someone does n't dare to take a new job opportunity or to meet new people at a party , how could he possibly improve his professional or social situation ? We live in a society that is confronted with changes constantly : may it be a new techincal innovation like the mobile phone ten years ago or the latest fashion in clothing . The creation of new things means that there are new products to sell which leads to a growth in economy . And this is good of everybody . Someone who adopts all the new things shows that he wants to be part of market-society and will be successful in it . People who do n't will be recognized ( as they were unfashionable clothes and are not able to send SMS ) and excluded . Especially the technical developement openes a wide range of new possibilities ; for example in transport and communication . People who are the first to try these innovations can take advantage of the improved transportation or communication the longest . They have a head start . On the other hand , taking risks can be dangerous . All those people who bought new economy shares in the beginning of this century will agree with me . If you start something new there will always be the chance of failing . So I can also understand those who stay with what they know they 're good in . I guess , a truely successful person is able to tell what is a risk worth taking and where they should keep their hands of . All in all I am more or less agreeing with the statement . In the world of today it is better to go one step to far than to be left behind .
(TUR,medium) I love my car and ca n't give up using it and I do n't agree with the statement that says there will be fewer cars in twenty years than today . I have three major reasons to say that . One of them is newer types of car are being produced and the second is the transportation with car is ok for many people and the third one is the expense of the changes that to be done for people to transport The first reason for not agreeing the statement is that i think rather than extinction , newer types of cars are being produced . These types include cars which works with electrical power , hydropower and in the next future i 'm sure there will be cars which will work with many other things . There are also plans to create cars which is flying near to surface and this will provide place for some more cars . The second reason is that i think there is no other way of transportation rather than cars which are so effective and so cheap . Now the usage of cars are very huge . There are other ways of transportation for example planes . They ca n't belong to anyone in the world but car can be used by most of the people . Nowadays many people have cars and in my country this number will increase as the development of the country . Cars are effective for transportation for many people The third reason for not agreeing this statement is that to give up using cars there should be radical changes . They should be very expensive changes , that is needed to compansate for the need of transportation of the increasing population of the world . Installing a new system is required and for this system many new researches should be conducted which will be expensive and constructing will require money very much again . To conclude , as i stated the reasons above there will be more cars than now in twenty years . One of them is newer car types and the second one is the efficiency of cars and the expense of the changes . There is an air pollution problem because of the usage of the cars unfortunately but i believe if this problem is solved cars would be more critical and would a better place in the people 's eyes .
(GER,high) The use of cars has increased rapidly over the last few years . Almost everybody uses his car daily for example to go to work . The question whether in twenty years less cars will be used than nowadays is fairly hard to answer . On the one hand I think this statement will become true for several reasons . First of all gas prices are rising constantly for the last few years and this trend seems to continue . Therefore many people will not be able to keep their cars or at least reduce the distances they dirve to a minimum . Instead they will try to find alternatives such as taking the train or the bus . Furthermore the reached level of pollution caused by cars is already very high nowadays . The governments will probably try to find solutions for this problem , which could be either higher taxes or to forbid driving to some kind of cars or even completely on some days in the year . If the first thing happens , having a car will again be more expensive and like this a lot of people will not be able to keep their cars . On the other hand there are also reasons that support the idea that in the future the number of cars will not decline . Allthough there will be more alternatives in the future to travel comfortably , made possible by for example new inventions like the transrapid , these inventions are still to expensive for most of the people . Therefore it will still be cheaper to go by car . The effect of the ricing prices in the energy sector on public transport media has to be considered as well . Prices for using a bus or a train might become higher and the car could eventually still be the cheapest way to travel . Apart from that many people reject going by train or bus because they want to maintain their independancy . If you go by car you have no fixed times for leaving . You can just stay as long as you wish and do not have to care about the time Moreover there are not direct connections available for all places to go . You might have to spend some extra time to reach your goal through changing the train or having to take routes for which you need more time . Taking all this into consideration I think that there will not be fewer cars in the future , because most people prefer going by car instead of using other transportation media .
(ARA,high) I agree with the statement that it is better for a person to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject . Specialization can be a good thing in life , it helps a person to be good at what he does and be effecient in his work . However , sometimes if a person chooses to take many academic subjects , it gets interesting . Lets say for example , a person takes biology , history and phsycology . All this knowledge is a great advantage ! It leads the person to be more knowledgable , more aware of lots of things and also gives a sense of fun . Your mind expands and gets different and interesting information each day from different topics . Knowledge is a bunch of facts that you accquire from experiences and everyday routines . knowledge on one thing makes life boring especially for a person who is always curious and wants to learn new things . knowledge is unlimited , you have access to it anytime and anywhere . I could choose to know everything about one certain topic but that limits my knowledge to that one topic . But how about knowing information about different topics ? this makes you even more social with different type of people . A doctor who knows history gets people astonished . They begin to understand the fact that he is good at what he does but also has interest for many other things . In high school , i 've always chosen different electives like music , french and also computer lessons . I wanted to know more about each or even be good at them like in my major subject . It made me feel wise and able to talk to people about alot of subjects . I could argue and talk in different areas with different types of people , it gives a good impression and also makes my life interesting to learn new stuff and facts everyday . That explains why actors now are persuing careers in singing or being leaders of charity acts or organizations . They want to try more . It 's better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . To learn different facts everyday gives color to the mind . Life is short as they say , so make use of it .
(CHI,medium) I agree that the persons being succeed try to make new changes instead of keeping what they already good at doing because in such a competitve and rapid pace modern society , changes will be the crucial policy to win . For example , Microsoft , the largest soft ware companies in the world , leads the development for the whole industry . They were not satisfied what they already got , they keep trying their best effort to provied more useful , powerful and better products to consumers . When people already get familiar with their operating system , from windows 95 , windows 98 , windows ME and windows XP , they lanch their latest version windows vista recently . Besides their excellent operating system , their microsoft office , MSN messenger , windows live e-mail system , all have great performance . They always keep studying new technology and try to introduce these technologies to the public in a more flexible and easier way . The already got good repuations due to their good quality and easy to control products . The technology innovation led by Microsoft is significant , it affects other companies to spend more time and funds to provide more products to the
(ITA,low) I think that is better before to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because in this way i can enlarge my knowledge and learn all that is possible . but then it is important to specialize in one specific subject , because in this way i can deepen my knowledge on a particular argument that i prefer and that is more interesting for me , for satisfy my curiosity . for example i have study in scientific school for five years where i must study all the academic subjects ( for example : biology , filosofy , history , english , mathematic , latin ... ) so i have learn much academic subjects . now instead i am study at the university architecture subject , because i love this job and i have ever loved all that is art or design ( modern art in particular ) , so now i prefer specialize in this specific subject to became an architect and to make what i love and i prefer in my future life . instead if a person whant to specialize only in one specific subject he unknown all that the normal people known , and so this person can only speak and work in
(TUR,medium) I personnaly agree with this statement . Having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is not that easy , it is true . But let me tell you this ; Albert Einstein has a quote : `` Knowledge is power. '' which is completely true . Think of Biology without Chemistry ; Chemistry without Physics ; Physics without Geometry : Geometry without Math and so on ... A chemist cannot explain why the electrons make an orbital shape around the nucleus without Physics , can he ? Or a Physics master cannot measure the shadow that a candle makes when he lits it , can he ? Another important point can be thought of easily when we think about the important people who majored in their fields and that we still know of even if they lived centuries and even thousands of years ago . Take Pascal as an example . He has a lot of proven theories in Math , Physics .. Is n't it odd for him to have more than one field which he majored and made himself known of ? The answer to these questions I pointed out are simple and true : The laws of nature , the languages spoken , people and all the others that we know of are on only one place : here on earth . No one can prove that the facts about it are n't linked to one another . The links between the facts are so tight that if you start learning at one end , you will end up in finding yourself at the other . So , learning Physics , learning Chemistry , learning Literature or any other topic is not that important to worry about . You will find yourself at the other hand if you study hard and learn a lot . The only question is where to start the adventure . But do not stick to the beggining because you will have a lot missing if you do n't finish it until the end . Do n't be stuck in a subject of life , try to get to know the whole piece .
(ITA,medium) I really hope that in few years the number of cars go down ! Today the cars in our cities are too much : our air is drammatically polluted and this is because of the cars ; there is also a lot of traffic and sometimes you take one hour to go only on the other side of your city . I think that today all of people and governments have understand that the problem is big and important : probably in the next years they are going to approve some politics in order to reduce the number of cars and to offer some substitutive service or to improve the ones that exist . I 'm speaking about bus , for short or medium travels , and trains . I think that the govern and the citizen af all the word have to cry to obtain this . I think that petrol companies and car industries that probably wants the number of cars increas in the next day ; ca n't be heard by the government because the most important things are our wealth and quality of life . For a family of four persons is today quite normal to have two or three cars . I think this is very dangerous for our society . If there are a lot of cars the problem is first of all the pollution , that i think is drammatically important and is necessary a solution very soon . Other problems are the traffic and the parking . For all these reason i think that there will not be fewer cars in use in the next years because is really dangerous for the population . If the number of cars increas i would be very warried and i think we will have a lot of problems for our wealth . So i hope that the umanity is not so stupid to loke more at the possesions , likes cars , than at the wealth .
(KOR,medium) I strongly agree with that statement . In thesedays there is a lot of cars . The number of cars on streets is increasing and we can say each family has at least one car . But after twenty years I think and I hope that there will be fewer cars than now . Because twenty years , it might be a short time , but now the speed of develop of science became very fast as well , and I am sure that in our future we will able to do most things of our life and our work at home without moving . So we will not need the car as so many times as now . thanks to especially internet now we can do many things at home . For example we can order some products which we want to buy directly using the e-commerce sites , or we can send a letter using e-mail without going out for post office . Personally I do n't like driving a car . I get stressed easily when I must park my car because of absence of free place or when there is a crazy traffic . In future I believe that there will be new type of transport such as the `` Segway '' which is small , easy and very comfortable . It needs just the electricity to make it work . so with introduce of these new transport invention I think we will need less the car . But I do n't think there will be much fewer cars than now , I immagine that just a bit fewer . Because twenty years is enough to make a change as I wrote at the begining , but I must say at the same time it 's not so long period . I will see after twenty years whether my opinion will be right .
(CHI,medium) I do n't agree with the statement about most advertisements make their products better than they really are . It undoubtful give some fake permitions to people and would makes nobody to believe any advertisements any more . There was an old adverticment about Mallbore . In that advertisment an actor who always acted as a cowboy was showing in it . This advertisment made people , especially young men believed smoking was relativing to `` cool '' . However , this actor died of lung cancer finally . But the fact is that nobody knows during his life time how many young died or would die an same reason because of this fake advertisment . Thus this kind of advertisement really does bad thing to people . It 's hard to deny that there really are some advertisements are true , good to people . But , ask youself , how much dare you believe in advertisements , because you cannot point out which of them is real . Depend on the same reason , nowadays , advertisments are not a way to tell people what kind of product they can buy , instead they are becoming are kind of boring show on TV . So the bad advertisement harm the people who believe them , and at the same time they hurt this field , too . From these reasons , I think nobady would n't agree with my situation , especially those who were cheated by some bad advertisements . I was worked in this field , so I could see both of these . So I hope it would not happen again .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the given statement . Let us first define what `` fact '' means . Fact is one which is universallly accepted and which does not have a solid reason for its belief . for e.g. a day has 24 hours , or the month august was named after Augustus , and so on . Now these are facts which are accepted by all . The standout difference between a fact and concepts is : `` A fact is learned and a concept understood '' . To illustrate this let us take another example ; it is a well known `` fact '' that a gravitational force acts on each object . But to understand the reason for this fact we net to understand the concept of gravity . On similar lines it is a fact that the earth revolves round the sun . But why ? This can be answered after studying and understanding the ideas and concepts involved in the structure of the solar system . So we see that a fact is easier to locate and find but it is difficult to understand the reasons for the said fact . Therefore , a student should focus on the ideaology and conepts involved in the occurance of a fact . Facts are the more obvious mundane things , things we come to know with time , but never get a chance to analsye the reasons for them . So , a student should be provided with an opportunity to understand the concepts involved , if any , behind the facts . Moreover , the basic aim of studies is not only teaching the facts but more importantly providing the understandings of those facts .
(CHI,medium) Almost everyone , from a seventeen years old teenager to an old man of 60 , has the experience of trying new things and take risks . It seems to me , after 18 years of experience , that people who are successful are tend to challenge the traditional ideas and to take risks to obtain the success . And I 'm going to approach my idea in the following three ways . First of all , new things bring a entirely different area to the businessmen which nobody ever entered before and therefore draw a lot of attention attention from people . The founder of Walmart , Sam Walton , is a good example of open a new business area and made millons of money from it . Sam Walton created a lot of new ways to make his shops different . For example , he made the consumer be able to choose all the things they need first and pay for them together at the end of shopping . It is so convenient for constomers that people like Walton 's way of seeling things and rush to his shops to shopping . Consequently , new ideas will give the businessman a new chance to exhibit its product in a different and attractive way . Equally important , new things can give people a drive . Since the idea never appears before , the person will be excited about it . This kind of emotion would motivates the boss as well as the staff . Compared to the old ways of accomplish a goal , taking a risk is more funning and amusing . In consequence , people may get more profits from doing a different way because they energetic and interested . Lastly , business people will be more and more difficult to get profits if they keep on doing it the same way . Since the old way is proved to be effective , more and more people will try to use the same way and as a result , they are not going to get a good profit . In contrast , challenging the old way of dealing with business will provide the person more chances to be profitable . Accordingly , people who wants to get an success should try to operate the business in a new way . There are several other reasons relevent to the problem under discussion while , unfortunately , I do n't have enough time to explore them in detail . Neverthless , the above three points should in a large sense calrify my idea that successful people tend to try new ideas and challenge the old ways .
(TEL,high) I agree . In this rapidly changing world with higher degree of sophisticated benefits , comforts , luxuries and entertainment , young people are not sufficiently motivated to lend a helping hand to the community in which they live in . The changing dynamics of world in terms of pace , the benefits money can bring , young people are getting attracted to them and started pursuing money earning habits or past time activities from a younger age not witnessed earlier . Right from schooling a ` comprasion attitude ' in terms of quality or higher rank is commendable , yet it becomes deplorable when it is described or implanted in the younger minds as a trigger to money earning activity . Such an impression in the early stage lasts long and effectively works in the minds of younger generation in pursuit of that goal . Another stage that younger prople fall prey to this attitude is when they are deprived of certain minimum comforts their peers are enjoying . This may make them parasites and kill or supress their natural concern or feeling for others . The wide variety of entertainment available now a days keeps away from helping the community , rather spend as per their wish to derive some pleasure . Though nothing wrong in spending for one 's own entertainment or comfort or benefit or luxury , being a part of society contributing to the society is like paying back to the parents . The attitude of paying back and concern for others also gives pleasure and creates a healthy atmosphere . This type of metamorphosis can be brought out by collective effort and higher degree of introspection . It becomes the bounden duty of the parents and teachers to explain the moral and social values of the system and ensure that such qulaities get inculcated gradually in younger generation . By explaining and making them understandable about the pleasures of sharing and helping the needy , younger generation can be made more responsible and acquire these divine qualities .
(JPN,medium) I desagree with that statement . I have some reasons . First , if we travel in a group with tour guide , we cannot go where we want to . I want to visit some place any parson has not visit or there are few people . I have been to Philippines as a volunteer . When I was there I could not go where I want to , because I must have worked . I think it is similar to group traveling . Also , I prefer to talk with a person who has different culture and opinions . If I travel in a group , there is no chance I talk some foreign people . I want to spread my view about everything . I think that traveling by mysefl is good chance for talking with many different people in the world . Of course , there are many kind of people in my country . But I want to see someone who cannot come to my country . Third , I think it is good for us to think about place where we will visit . By thinking of unknown countrys or citys , I think we can learn the counrty or city naruraly . So I like traveling
(KOR,medium) I agree with the following statement . When you see the television or newspaper , you can see adverstisement from any company . Why they are making advertisement ? Cause , the company want make more money from sell it where you can see from advertisement . So it gives more profit . The comericial is kind of advertisement . When you want to watch television program . you just turn on television . So you can see any comercial before start TV program . It looks so good whichs means , you want to buy it which you saw from TV . It makes you want to buy it . It gives you a lot of information about things from advertisement , and you can figure out it whichone is good for me compare with other things . Finally , you would better one . Probably , you do n't want to buy things without information about it . Because , you have to check price , quality . size , etc ... But , all of the information is not true from the advertisement . For example , it says `` this one is powerful more than otherone . '' So everyone could think it is true . But you really do n't know before you diretly check by yourself . Every advertisement company want us to buy their things against other company which is make similar kinds . So sometimes , they just make advertisement like untruely . But if they cut from crowd , they get huge damage from that . So they trying to make best one which is cheaper and better than other company . It 's a challenge . The challenge is good for make things . If you are the only one person who can make computer , you will get a lot money from peoples . Everyone 's buy it . But you are not gonna make better one . Cause you do n't have to try to make it . Because , you can only make computer which means there is no challenge . Anyway . the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . But they have to make good things andthen try to make advertisement for show to peoples .
(TUR,high) Knowledge is something so much important for the humankind . Some people agree that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subjects is the right thing to do and some of them think the opposite . I agree with the opposite , I would rather specialize in one specific subject . These are my following reasons . First of all , your knowledge will be strong . After specializing on one specific subject , you are going to have so much information only about this . Nonetheless , other people who have information about so many things will never be an expert on the subject . They could have opinions , however unlike you , they wont have strong ideas and enough supporting information . Being an expert on one thing gives the person so much power about that subject which can be used to convince someone easily . People will count on your strong ideas . Secondly , the knowledge will last long time . People who have knowledge about so many things will forget their information in time . Nevertheless , specializing on one idea will make our information last long time . They will never be forgotten . For example , someone who spent whole his life on one thing will never ever forget that subject because after some time it is becoming one of his part , on the contrast , someone trying to learn about everything will forget what he learns soon , because he cant keep that all in my mind . The last but not least , being an expert on one specific subject will lead us to success . For instance , i was quite good at maths in the high school , i was also good at chemistry . However , when i was going to university i had to choose one of them because in no place on earth , they are letting you to specialize in more then one specific subject in universities . You have to choose one of them in order to lead to success . Noone can be professor of so many things . You can be a professor of one major subject . Therefore , it is so much important to have great ideas on one major subject . Also the basketball players can not play ball and study at the same time . For leading to success they have to choose one thing and specialize on that . To sum up , i want to say that specializing in one specific subject is so much important rather than having knowledge on so many things . Because , knowledge on one thing will be strong , last long time and lead us to success which is required by everyone .
(FRE,low) To my mind , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . First , there are a lot of advertisements which lie . For exemple , for products to wach white tee shirt , ads says '' more white than white '' , which is impossible . Then , we discover there are a lot of liing advertisement when we try the product . When we buy a product to wash bath room , they do n't wash alone althoug advevertisement say . finaly , we find a lot of advertisements for only one product . He is always new , but there are the same ingredients . If we must n't be radical on this subject , we can say that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
(KOR,medium) these days , many company make an advertisement because they want to market their compnay or introduce their product by using tv , news paper , magagine etc. some people think most these advertisements do n't have affect product seem much better than they really are . however , in my opinion most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . nowdays we have many kind of skill . i mean we can change everything such as angle , color , height , apearance on tv advertisement . actually , when i was in korea , i worked at some composition company . at that time i controled background color , and around actor 's color or form . the other team also changed another thing - for exemple actor has a spot on face , we erased that spot , or sometimes we made more length . when we gave to order , the oreder did n't reconize their actor because the actor had changed many things , more beautifully , pretty , sexy . also magazins chang easy and we can make beter than really are . most magazin 's ad is picture . picture control is more easier then tv ad . maybe , in these day , many people know software that is photoshop . this software can control picture - more blur . finally , people who make advertisement know how to make it well . i think they are expert of tricker in making advertisements . for example , picture is different how to take a piture-an angle . surely it is different with actual . they just are wrapped product by their skill-an angle , changing color , erasing a spot , using software . enery thesething make products seem much better than they are . in brife , many advertisements different with their really products . it is using some trick skill when makeing ad . so be careful when you buy some
(TUR,medium) The humankind always need knowledge to reach good life standarts . Everyone has different aspects of this idea . Some assume that it is more iportant for students to understand ideas and concepts , in contrary to this some assume that it is important for them to learn facts . I totally agree with second idea . These are my following reasons . Firstly , the reason the knowledge from learning facts is important is permanent . When people learn facts with experience , they do not forget easily . So they use these facts through all their life . For example , I had an car accident last year . Before this event , my parent advised to not drive fast . I understood the ideas , however it did not help me avoid to make accident . Now , after accident I learn my lesson and drive my car slowly . In addition to this , the reason that the learning facts is more important rather than understanding the concepts is to show an example of it in real life . The understanding the concepts can be so abstract . For example , the concept of communism seems like so perfect , however in the real life this concept can not be worked well . So students can be confused by this abstract concept . As I mentioned above the learning facts is more important for students than understanding ideas and concepts according to these reasons : it is both permanent and real . I think the teaching system should modify with these reasons .
(GER,high) It is widely considered as a fact that the number of cars in use will decline during the next twenty years . But this theory is only true for the developed world and not for the world as a whole . It will be pointed out in the course of this essay why this is true for the developed world and - more important - why the total number of cars in use on this planet will continue to rise . At first , the question arises why people tend to think that the number of cars in use will decline during the next twenty years . As the people and especially the politicians in the developed world tend to give more importance to environmental issues , it becomes obvious that cars account for heavy air pollution . Therefore , mass transportation systems as trains or buses are likely to be able to attract more customers than they are now . Additionally , it is likely that those mass transportation systems will receive more financial aid from the government making them more attractive for the customers . As a result of that development , people living in those developed countries will need less cars . But nevertheless , the amount of cars in use in the world as a whole will continue to rise . New concepts and developments in the field of energy are currently developed by car manufacturers all over the world and they will make petroleum-based fuel obsolete . Some new cars as the Toyota Prius already use some of the new concepts . The last and maybe most significant argument for the theory of an increasing number of cars is the on-going process of globalisation which results in a higher level of development in countries as China , India , Brasil or Indonesia . Today , most inhabitants of those countries cannot afford buying a car . As those people get more money out of their job as a result of globalisation , they will develop the same needs which people of developed countries have today - driving into the countryside , visit friends in other cities , making holidays , etc . And due to their increasing income , they will soon be able to buy cars . As the number of inhabitants in those developing countries is enormous ( more than 2bn people in China and India combined ) , the number of cars in use is likely to rise . To conclude this argumentation , it is highly unlikely for the numbers of cars in use to decline . Especially the growing demand for cars in the developing countries as China and India will bring the number of cars in use to a new record level .
(ARA,medium) Today , the advertisments are a popular and fast way to innunce about the new products . However , there are some people who say that most advertisments make products seem much better than they really are . In my opinion , these people are wrong because of two reasons . First , the companies pay a lot of money to make the advertisments . Terefor , they are very concerned to show their products as they made them . The companies ' managers know that when they make their products seem better than they really are , the customers will buy these products only one time and they will not buy them again . As a result , the company will fail as people got a bad idea about it . So to avoide this problem , the companies will not make products seem much better than they really are . Second , why the good companies need to cheat their companies ? there is no reason cause comany to cheat its customers . Being cheater , that cause the company to lose its customers that it made the advertisment for them . People who belive that advertisments make products seem much better than they really are say that these advertisments do that in order to attrct more customers . However , these people should know that this way for commercials do not attract
(HIN,high) I agree with the statement that ideas and concepts are more important for students than facts . An important purpose of learning is to develop one 's cognitive abilities as well as to develop one 's powers of understanding and analyzing patterns of events or facts . A number of experts also develop the cognition and the ability to predict events or results in the future by extrapolating information or facts on these theories and patterns . The physical sciences are based upon testing of hypotheses and development of theory . Specific facts are not an important feature in their learning . The social sciences too are increasingly getting inclined towards developing theories and concepts . For example , students of History study past civilisations including their rise and fall across regions and time . They come across a lot of details about each of the events and features that characterizes the various developments through History . However , it is important for them to understand the patterns , ideas and the reasons of these events rather than the nitty-gritty details of the events per se . They are taught to identify similarity in patterns of rise and fall of civilisations rather than the exact dates for each of the events or specifics of historical artefacts and culture . Similarly , students of Economics study various economic systems that have existed across countries and through various periods of time . They seldom memorize detailed economic indicators of each of these systems . Rather , they study and learn the principles these economies were based upon , the patterns of their growth and the causes of their rise or fall , as the case may be . Present day economists use this learning to develop policies that would help society meet its desired objectives . Thus for the learning to be useful in this case , knowledge of facts is not important , understanding economic ideas and concepts are .
(TUR,high) The more capitalism governs the lives of people around the world , the more we are introduced with newcoming products and ideas every day . Most of the nations in our world has become comsumption communities and more nations are on the way . What is a consumption community ? It is a community which acquires pleasure from consuming as a primary act of daily life . If there is consumption , it is not surprising to see the inevitable rise of advertisement sector hiding behind it , whose primary aim is to make products seem much better than they really are . Advertisements are in everyone 's life . It is enough to listen to radio , watch TV , even walk on the street to meet advertisements . When one thinks about all the huge money invested into advertisements , you get more tended to trust in the product that is exploited in the advertisement . At least , that was what I thought , until I had taken the consumer behavior course in my university . I can honestly tell you that this course has changed my consumption patterns to great extent . In the course , we were provided with detailed information of sales strategies such as how to make a product attractive to consumers , where to put the product on the supermarket to increase its sells , how to jump into people unconscious and make them buy the product unintentionally or how to make people addicted to a product . It may sound just normal to you , but to me it is great dishonesty . That is how I started to question everything I buy and consume . For instance , there are many shampoos claiming that they are the best hair conditioners in the market . But if every brand claims that , which one the consumers have to believe ? Have you ever questioned why there are always beautiful girls and handsome boys in the adds ? Since they give you the message ; `` If you buy me , you would be as beautiful as the girl in my add '' . Here is another example , in car adds , usually for big cars , we always watch cool and successful businessmen who works in high skycrapers and lots of money , giving the message `` If you drive me , you would make lots of money '' . Although these examples may sound stupid to you , this is what actually happens in our brain . Our cognition is so vulnerable that it can not defend itself to all these symbol bombardments . To conclude , advertisement industry is meant to make their customer brands ' products seem much better than they really are . This is how millions of brands compete with another . They have to catch the attention of people on the market , on the street and at home . Only then he could achieve his targeted profit . We can not deny the fact that human nature has a tendency to have pleasure from buying the symbols , not the product itself . As a consequence , you find yourself as a part of consumer community .
(TEL,high) I strongly agree with the given statement . From my point of view understanding ideas and concepts should be the top priority for students than learning facts . There are many strong reasons that have influenced me in accepting this statement . These reasons are presented in the subsequent paragraphs . Firstly , its my firm belief that students should have a solid understanding of concepts and ideas . This would build them up in such a way that they would be in a position to further research these ideas and present their points of view . Research has also shown that students understand better when they have a firm grip over the fundamentals . Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts would develop and hone their analytical ability . The analytical ability is now a crucial factor in judging the intellect of an individual . Thirdly , mere learning of facts with out understanding the concepts would encourage rote memorization . This would hinder the development process of a child . This would make him a mere data storage device . Fourthly , when we learn from facts especially historical facts much depends on the authenticity of the information that has been provided . It is quite possible that the information provided by archaelogists or historians might have been altered by the then existed governments . Governments might alter the information provided by them , when they think that it would hurt the sentiments of people or cause a conflict among different socio-cultural groups . Fifthly , I feel that in this Age of Technology mere learing of facts would not suffice . The technological innovations demand an individual to have critical thinking ability , strong analytical skills and a firm grip over the basics of the subject . Only when the basics are strong can a student understand the innovation and further research the idea . I strongly feel that `` Only when the roots are strong can a Tree stand tall and firm . '' These are the compelling reasons that have influenced me in stating that understanding ideas and concepts is far better than learning facts .
(TUR,high) In the last couple of decades , - uninvited - the field of advertising has expanded vastly into the everyday life human beings . No matter where people are ; at their homes , on the street or in a movie theater an advertisement will be waiting for them to promote a commodity , no matter how good or bad it is in reality . Given that the power of advertisement is obvious in our age there appears to be no reason why it would not be able to sell products which do not deserve to be bought , given their quality and price . Thus the advertisements often do make products sold by making them seem better than they are . The first way of making a product look good is the use of clean images and role models , introducing the product as a saver of the individual . For instance in wax commercials the product seems to remove all the hair from the body never to return . The viewer sees the image of a top model who probably never had much body hair at all , looking at her eyes and telling her that she could be smooth like her if sheused the product . Imitating someone we like or trust is an old habit of human beings , thus the customer buys the wax and in a few months she realizes that the wax actually feeds the roots of the hair and just a few weeks following the epilation she will have even stronger body hair , harder to remove . The second way that advertising makes bad commodities sold is repetition , so as to say the frequency of commercials . Whenever a new product is introduced to the public the advertisements are shown dozens of times in such short times to brainwash the viewers and finally making them think why they remember this product so well . In time they begin to believe that they remember it probably because it is a good and they feel the urge to try it at least once . That is how they go to the mall and grab the advertised product . A very good example of this can be observed in Turkey where the singer Ajdar has sold hundreds of thousands of his album just because his rather funny songs were repeated in almost every 2 hours on TV , while the Turkish popstar Tarkan suffered from a conflict that existed between him and his advertising agency and barely sold fifty thousand with his flashing album . Advertisements are everywhere wheter for the bad or for the worse . They have already sneaked into the minds of the consumers with the support of a long history of visual communication skills and tricks . Therefore it seems like anything that is bought for any price may not be the best choice .
(SPA,high) I firmly agree with the statement that knowing several subjects and being polyvalent in various fields is much more important that specializing in one topic . In nowadays society , things change so fast that the minute you start a career or a specialization , the minute the facts and figures of the subject have changed . This essence of broad knowledge is what makes people succeed in the world . Unless you are 100 % sure that you vocationally want to specialize in a subject , the risk of not finding a suitable job because of the deviation of job offering is too high . Both in terms of time and money . For instance , imagine that you decided to study telecommunications sometime around the Internet boom . After you completed the 5 years of hard work , you get out to society with high hopes and great expectations and suddenly you realize that the world has no need for Telecommunication professionals anymore because the market crashed down ! Then you would most probably regret not to have chosen a more general Engineering diploma such as an Electronical Engineering degree . Take the example of a devoted music student that really loves to play music to the point that he drops classes so he can go and play his music . Perhaps , he will become a succesful singer or solo player , but the chances that he fails are there and when that really comes true , he will not be able to attend university classes because he did n't passed highschool . Good and innovative ideas often are the result of composing other ideas . If on one side , you know how pollution of carbon dioxide is chemically produced and on the other , you are an expert on plant species , perhaps you can find a way to create a system to purify the air in the world . And moreover , if you have skills of marchandising and marketing , you can probably be in the Forbes ' next month main page . Think that you can always specialize in the future . Going from the trunck of a tree to the tip of a branch is easy , but getting from one tip to another tip is , literally , as going back in time .
(SPA,high) Nowadays , there is a strong believe in that young people enjoy life more than older people do . This may be so due to the fact that young people lead more active daily lives , working , going out , having greater physical abilities , among other things . However , I do not agree with that idea because of the elder 's free time to do as they please and their great wisdom in dealing with life 's problems gained by their life experiences . Even though we usually think young people 's lives are very active and thus , they are happier and enjoy life better , when you come to a certain age above 65 , you can certainly concentrate on the activities you like doing better . Young people are always in such a rush , especially in todays ' world in which time is always related to money , that they fail to seize each moment 's priceless value . Instead , when you become old , your ` working ' time is finished and you usually retire . It is then when you have the possibility of taking advantage of your free time as well as you please . For example , if you have always liked reading , now you have plenty of time to spend getting into the great magic world of words . Another importnant point is that old people have more experience and that helps them worship life better . When you are young , you always like experimenting new things , no matter the cost . With every course of action you take , you take risks and then , when watching the consequences of your acts you understand better what life consists of and what really matters to you . That is what happens to old people . As they have generally lived and experienced so many things during the course of their lives , at a certain age they seem to know the basics of life and , therefore , do not worry about so many things as you may worry when you are a young adult . For instance , I have seen my grandmother smiling sympathetically at my very sad experiences - like a break up with a boyfriend - while saying to me ... ` that has happened to me more than once ' and then explaining how life goes on and how there are more important things to worry about . Even though it is true each one of us has to lead separate lives and the fullfilment of our goals and the reaching of happiness depends on our personal experience , I strongly believe old people enjoy life more than young people do due to their having more time for doing their favourite activities and their enlightening past experiences that show them better paths to succeed in life . Young adults , therefore , should always take advantage of elder people experience to learn , from very early ages , how life can be always more enjoyable than it already is , always keeping our hearts open to what the voices of experience can share with us .
(KOR,medium) It is often said that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Some people think that young people are more enjoyable that older people because they have more strong body to enjoy life . However , I strongly believed that older people enjoy their life for the following two reasons ; they have a lot of time and money , they have less responsibilityfor the society . To begin with , older people are more live than only three decades before . They have more chance to attend an activities . Also , they have a lot of time and money rather than young people . It will be a great opportunity for older people to enjoy life . For example , lots of activities center such as YMCA are crowded of older people . They get together in that place and learning other activities such as ballet , yoga , swimming and card game . Also they are spend a lot of money to travel abroad . Since they had no time when they were young because they focused on their own jobs . They might be a less opportunity to travel abroad . Dong-a , mosr popular travel company in Korea , shows the evidence . In 2005 , traveling abroad older people are two times that young people . The criterion was over 60 ages . Thus , older people are usually enjoy their life . On top of that , older people have less responsibility in their children and society . That is because almost they are not working reguarly and their children are growed . This means older people have less responsibility that young people . For example , I can see my grandmother who enjoy her own life . She is a important role in her community , getting together for friendship , and she has lots of clubs such as golf , dace and music . I this she really enjoys her life after working in a public department . She had been working for a public dapartment fo 30 years . At that time she never had a opportunities to enjoy her life . However , recently she seems too young better than my mother . Thus , older people have less responsibilities of society and their chidlren , so they can enjoy their life . In summary , I strongly belive with the statements that older people are enjoy their life . That is because they have more money and time better that young people . Also they have less responsibilities of society and their children .
(SPA,high) There are several reasons why it is believed that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Because of their freedom recentely discoverd and the amazing and new oportunities that keep appearing all the time . Because of this time of exploration that youth has , I can affirm that young people enjoy life more than older people . Young people feel free to do what they want . They are in a period of discovering new things and finding out their path and knowing who they really are . Because old people have already established a life style , with bigger responsabilities , they are not especting anything and their experimental time has passed . Nevertheless , older people have their own wat to enjoy life , but I can not tell it because I have not experimented the adult period yet . As a youth , I can affirm that I enjoy life because I take advantage of every new adventure that came out , and I dont have much bigger responsabilities than university . In addition , university is enjoyable when you learn and at the same time , make friends and have fun with them . It is the time in which you share your moments of joy with others . Young people are independiently . They have the wings to fly werever they want , travell in and outside the country , work in different places only for experience and not because of financial needs . Youngs aspire for the future and project themself , so they still have hopes and views , and live their life especting and enjoying . However , not all youngs have a pleasent life . There are young people in the streets , homeless , and definetely not enjoying life as many other youths . In conclussion , the adolecense period is fun , but the truth is that each period has their benefits . Old people find their way to enjoy life too , as well as kids and babies . The key is in enjoying every moment , because the present is a gift called present .
(CHI,medium) For my living country , I agree in twenty years there will bd fewer cars in use than there are today . I have two points supports that , the more convenient public transportation and the oil more expensive . Firstly , in my living country , Taiwan , there is a smaller place than most of counties . It spends 5 or 6 hours from north to sounth . If you want to around the iland , it just take 2 or 3 days . Because of that , Taiwan have good public transport system . If you want to go this place to another place far away downtown , you just have to check which bus you can take you to the place you want , enev you have not one chooses . You can choose the way you want , like taking bus or by train . If you want to go to this place to another place in downtown , you still not need to walk , you can take MRT . It can take you to everywhere you want . For example , I live in Hsingshin . I must go to Taipen for TOEFL test . All I need to do is taking train and MRT , I can arrive the place . Secondly , the oil is more and more expensive . If we have car , we must pay mush money for using oil . The priece of oil will become more expensive in the furture . It will cost lots of money for oil . If we do not have car , we do not worry about those kind of problems . That will help us save much money . For example , many people want to buy the car which can use oil effectivily . If we take public transport system , we can share the rise up priece of oil . That may not cost a lot . By those two reansons , I agree in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
(SPA,medium) I am agree with the statement that says that succeccful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . In my personal oppinion , I think that taking risks and trying new things we can have more exit in our lives . If we do not know how to do something , we have to take the risk to learn to do that thing taht we do not know . Maybe it will not be easy but it cold help us to grew up as a person and can help us to have exit . People who do not want to have exit in their lives always do the same thing all their lives . That wold be really boring and sad . As human beings we have to have something to encourage us to be a better person . That something could be to try new things . Doing new things we can open the door to reach the exit in our lives wich thet is what everybody wants ; also can endevelope the different skills that we have and we could realize our value as human beings . To have exit in our lives can help us to find the happines that we have been looked for all our entired life and can help us to share that happines with the persons that we love , and also can encourage to others to follow and reach their dreams and to be successful people . The commun idea that we have as human beings of a succeccful person may be not the correct , most of people think that a person who has exit in his or her life has to be bad or corrupt but , no , everbody in this life can have exit if we want , the only thing that we have to do is take risks and try new things in our lives and of cours we have to have the desire to do it .
(FRE,medium) I agree that most advertisment make products seem much better that they really are . yes they do , by hiring big celebreties and well known atleths by showing something els and selling something els Most companies like to hire some well known persons that they know the public like for their adverts just to make money . Because they know that when the public sees the face their products will sale , so they will pay them a big sum , and sell something different to the masses . for example the clothing companies they hire a big name to advertise there products , but they sell something different though the public do n't care becaue they wearing the cluth because of the face of the star on the cloth . I bought a kelvin clean jean , it 's a big name in clothing business and i bought because of the big name . but it did not last for me as i thought it was going to last the first time i washed it the colour changed authomatically . the same with the cosmetic companies they will tell you to try there product and your face will be as smooth as you want it to be . these are just market stratefies . they just want to sell there product . Also the phone companies they will make you to switch to there network it is the best on the long run you will come to realise it 's the same every where . And the worst is the credit card company they use there advertisment to lure you in and give a different service and you end up owning them for life . Haven seen all these reasons and example I think it is very clear that not all the advertiment is good because they seem much better than the service they will offer you . So I agree that most advertisment is much better than the products .
(TEL,medium) I completely disagree with the statement as a lot of young people who are the next leaders of the nation are not putting in enough efforts in to helping their community . Life has become so fast in the twentyfirst century that peole are always busy running around not understanding what they want at the end of the day . they are so busy with there studies there career and there futhur and the day to day stress they forget the very importance of building a community which would look after each other instead of places were there is a lot of crime , drug abuse etc. which would intern effect there personal life . Young people these days are so self obsssesed that they dont have time to even think about there next family members . They have a lot of time to go to movies or coffee place everyday and cant afford to take atleat an hour in a week to help their community . this can be changed as in my case were proper guidence from the older generation and determination make a change in the community . With proper motivation from the older generation this can be changed as was the case in my community when we in first moved to the community where i live now there was no proper waste disposal , people would just trow there waste in front of their neighbours house are on the roads which intern affected them with fly and mosqutioes . To over come this problem we were advised by older people to come up with ideas to solve the problem , this led to sucusfull change in the waste , few of my freinds and me joined hands to collect funds in the colony bought a large bin that placed at one corner of the colony and every house had to dump there waste there and there would be the garbagge collectors to dispose the waste . This was achevied due to the involvement of youth from the community . If it made by law that every week a certin number hours are be spent doing community work by the youth i think the there would be a larger undersating and responsibility would be develpoved . This is followed by the community in stay every month we donate funds to charity organistions like `` CRY '' from screening of movies , organisating events etc .
(FRE,high) In my opinion , the main difference between understanding and learning is that everyone is able to learn something but not necessary able to understand it . For sure , in my point of view , the most important is to understand things . It is the main feature which diferentiate two students in term of inteligence . I will explain why in two points . Firt , according to my own experience in school , I can assume that it is really easier to learn something when you understand it than it is to learn it by heart . For example , if I try to learn the economic theory of Keynes , I will maybe succeed for the exam but for sure , 10 days later , I will be unable to explain and to remember it , Otherwise , If I try to understand how really this theory could be apply on the economic system and if I can use it on my own , then I will remember this theory for a longer period . Moreover , for the exam , students are more and more asked to understand the concepts and not only to repeat them . Second , what is the most important thing in the work area . My boss will not ask me to learn something by heart . He will expect me to think and to develop ideas . All people with high job in a company , do not spend their time to learn facts but interpreat them in order to find solutions . For those reasons that I mentionned above , I really think that the most important is to understand concepts . Moreover , it is so gratifying for yourself when you understand something very hard and it is a personnal reward .
(ITA,high) Everybody is asking to himself : will the number of cars reduce in the next twenty years ? Nobody can know and forecast how life in general will be in the next 20 years , but all of us can and must hope that it will happen . The use of cars create a lot of problems like pollution , traffic jam , but on the aother side using cars allows economy to run . The biggest problem the use of cars creates is pollution , pollution that is produced by the smoke , the oil , and the gases that come out from our cars . Everyday our cities are becoming more and more grey and black , dirty and not healthy at all to live in . A direct cause of pollution is traffic jam . Traffic is getting more and more terribly because everybody need and use cars not only to work but to live in general . Why does this happen ? This happens because there a lot of cities nowadays that have n't provided yet to improve with efficient systems of transportation like undergroung that covers not only the space under the city , but longer distances . Actually the bus system it 's not really developed and it cant be efficiently developed because there are too many cars around the cities , and anyway everybody prefer to use their own cars than going with buses . On the other side we know that cars make the economy run , actually to move cars need gasoline , and gasoline derivate from petroleum , thus there is a long wire that connects societies that live on cars . Another example are the industries that produce cars , if we do not use cars anymore there would be an economic crisis and may be a period of grate depression , because not thousand but million of workers would lose their jobs . Probably if we are able in the next future to understand that we are destroying our planet not only polluting but also sucking all the sources , and that we will reach a term in which it will not be possible anymore to go on with this situation , the number of cars will reduce , A solution will certainly come from technology research : we could use means of tranportation that do not pollute { like sun , wind , or hydrogen } but at the same time allowing the economy to run .
(KOR,medium) I agree this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . Our common sense is not to try towad risk area . however , No try new thing means no new happening in our lives . As I read this statement , I remind the pastor Cho ' story who established the full gospel church in Seoul . He started samll church in country side which lived many poor people . As his ministry grew , he moved a little bigger church . His church number was around 1000 numbers . God gave the vision to build a huge church which was available to participate in over 20,000 number . He did n't have money as well as huge space to build it at that time . He could n't see any reasonable things to start it . It was big risks . It might be worse if it influeced toward his church numbers because all elders of church number were not agree with his opinion . However , He began it against all environments and conditions . So some of church numbers left from his church due to risk and the expectation of harship for new church . But His church number became over 700,000 numbers becuase the location the church was bulit , became the core of city of seoul . All so important building such as the building the national broad casting and govenment , were established there . The other reason is that all most people try to do what he or she knew well . That means that there are so competitive in that area . If He or she is not outstanding in that area compared with others , it is rare to get success . Let 's think about one example . There are a lot of Pizzah store in our area . many of us know how to make it . it is also not much risks for managing compnay because it is famillar for each of us . However , it is easy to make it as well as to be known how to do it .
(HIN,medium) I do agree to the fact that successful people do try new things and take risks than only doing what they already know . I do believe so because of the fact that options in life shouldnt be ruled down to only a few . People should try exploring new avenues and try out new things so as to master the very aspect called `` life '' . Evolution , adaptation focus is the name of the game . When a person who is ambitious and an optimist tries doing something innovative he usually strikes or achieves a place where in not many people have achieved in life . Today we thank people like Thomas Addison and James watt for their inventions . Such things never came to their mind in second or two . It took them loads of restless work and patience and teh ability to cope with failure again and again to give us what we relish or enjoy in todays world a telephone or a steam engine . A mans horizon of thinkin should be very wide open . He should be well versed with his idea and should carry the potential for acheivin what he thought of doin . he should have a vision in short . A strong vision is half victory . People like Bill Gates never hesitated to put their vision on paper and his hard work , dedication , aim has given us a beautiful product called microsoft which is used by every one . His job never ended after he gave us `` windows '' there were many other things that microsft had to give us and is still giving till date . U should try to be innovative in life trying to explore what all nature has to give us . Risks are usually involved but i believe in the saying `` no pain no gain '' everything comes at a price and u should be willing to pay a price . For example in India companies like reliance which practically run india where just a man 's vision . Ambani never ended his thirst for achieving till the time he passed away . They are till date trying to lay their hands on what all they can from clothes to elctricity to fuels to power the list is endless . According to me everybody lives in this world but if u want to create a mark or achieve something or have that satisfaction within , that '' I am different '' and want to be remembered u need to try out all what u can rather than just sticking on to one thing and try to make something out of it. '' winners are not quitters '' . Life has kept a lot hidden there just needs to be a thirst for exploring new avenues and tryin out different things which can be only achieved by a good vision , aim and a very optimistic attitude . ( go getter ) attitude
(GER,high) I do not agree with this statement . Although I consider it to be very important to have a solid knowledge of academic subjects in general , which means a certain amount of basic knowledge of different topics , I think that one should have a specific subject in which one is specialized and on which one should set ones main focuses . Long ago , in the time of Goethe and Schiller or Newton and Descartes , it has been possible to acquire an amount of knowledge which offered the possibilty to take part in all important discussions about all scientific topics and even about art , literature and music . At that time it was possible to be an expert in different areas of science and culture and Goethe for example even considered himself an expert in all sciences . But those times have passed . Since scientists has made enormous and unparalleled discoveries and inventions throughout the last centuries the amount of knowledge which is accessible today is overwhelming . According to a study by the beginning of the 20th century this amount was doubling every seven years . Today it is multiplied by seven every two years . Hence no human beeing is able to deal with all of it and consequently it is necessary to have scientists go straight into one specific direction to create the possibilty to acquire even more knowledge . In mathematics for example there are topics about which only a dozen people in the world can exchange their ideas because nobody else would even understand the problems those persons are dealing with . So in order to make new inventions and discoveries as well as to enrich mankind 's amount of knowledge it is undoubtably necessary to have experts who are specialized in specific subjects and who are constantly - or as mentioned before even exponentially - breaking scientific boundaries . So in the end many an invention would not have been made without the necessary experts .
(CHI,medium) Travel indeed plays an important part in peoples live . By traveling , one can enjoy the peaceful nature or to experience the life of people in different country . Some people would like to travel along or with friends while other perfer to have a tour . As far my concern , I think to have the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , for it has many advantage compared with no guide . First , if you are going to a place which has some protential dangerous during the visit , you will definitatly need some help . For instance , mountain claimbing , it can be very dangerous when you walk on a unknown high mountain and without a people who fimilar with this area . A guide can certain garantee a safe and happy trip . Also , a guide can provide you more details about the place you visit which map ca n't tell you . I was once visting a small town in Sichuan , China . After walking pass all location on map , the guide told us there is an beautiful lake at the end of the road . When we finnally arrived there , every people including me were shocked by the unbelievable beautiful view there . I 'm sure that I 'll regret if we did n't ask for a guide at the trip . Finnally , if you are going to visit a new country and want to experience the local culture by yourself , a tour guide in that place is inevitiblly needed . By his or her introduction , you can easily talk and even live with local people . Addmitidly , travel with no guide can give you more free choice . But from that has been discusses above we can safely come to the conclution that to have a tour guide when you travel can provides a better tirp . Because it is safe and can give you more happiness .
(CHI,medium) In China , there is an old saying that says , ` If one have one hundred subjects , all of them are poor and nity-nine of them is in the air . ' This saying well describe the relation between the quantity and the quality of the subjects . I 'm for the statement that it 's better to have a speciallize in one subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic . First of all , nowsdays , the sociaty needs expert that means deviding works into many parts and ask the expert on this aera to solve the problem he 's good at . There is one good example around me . In a computer company , there are many parts of the aeras . Some do with the computers , some do with the machines such as coffee offer , the air conditioner , or the car . Once I went to see my friend working in this company , the coffee offer was broken down by accident . I asked my friend , ` Why do n't you repair it , it is so important in the daily life . ' However , my friend said , ` The cechanic is coming , I think the job suit him better and I am for the computer . He 's absolutely right . He 's job is working with the computer , he do n't need to repair the coffee offer because he is n't professional about this . In this way , a person do n't need to know every thing . Deviding jobs can make working professional and in this way , the effection will increase and the quality will also get higher , therefore , people can safe a lot of time and finish work well . In another view , it is because we are not good at everything that our life is colourful as we meet many new people when we are working in a new field . One of life 's goodness is that we can communicate and coopertion . To sum up , it 's better to speciallize in one specific subject than to devide a limit period of time into so many subjects .
(SPA,medium) Cars are everthing in this world they have now become the only way of trasportation in land . This does not mean that cars are always going to be with us . In my opinon due to low oil production in the future cars will suffere in demand . Also in twenty years from now other kinds of transportations may be developt that may under take the car industy . And also cause of oil prices cars will not be used us much . We have to face the truth , that cars may not always be wit us . Cars in the present day work with oil . Due to oil foling in supply the car industry is what is going to be affected the most . Becuase cars need oil , in order to work and function . In 20 years many other people would have change to other ways of transportation cause they now that oil will run out and car prices will fall to the ground . This causing less cars in use then now . Due to oil distuying the enviorment many people have created alternative transportation . Some other people will find in easier just to buy a bike or another product to go and work . Cars are just not perfect , and cause they are not perfect they will disapear . Due to oil runing out cars will be very expensive cause there are only a few people that can buy a car and but gasoline . This will bring scarcity . Due to this few people will buy cars and so causing other ways of transportation . In my opinion due to oil been such un important for car . The car will decrease in quantity sold . Cause of taste of people , price , and other tecnological advances in the transportation industry . Cars in 20 years from there will be fewer cars in use then now .
(JPN,medium) I feel reasonable that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . For example , if we need to get information for trip , how can we make a plan . we looking for good hotel , best view place , famous sightseeing spot , good local reastaurant , and how to get there etc ... we needtour guide can give us all of the information we need . they are specialist for getting information about sight seeing . it is very easy to get a lot of information for us . of courase the plan made by specialist never wasted time for trip . Second , The most of travel tour make a group for same purpose . this is very important things for good trip memories . we can get friend with just join tour guide . The friend who is made in trip can always make you happy rather than alone trip . In addition , group tour promise lower price anywhere than visiting alone . Because specialists got group discounts of ticket , food , hotel anywhere . Third , the trip with tour guide is safety . There are a lot of travelers who injured , geting sick and trouble . The most of the reasons is a lack of knowledge of local rule , place and manner . sometimes so hard to understand the behavior of local people especialy related religion customs . Tour guide job is safety trip . They always notice safe way and information for our safety . They never take you to get possibility of dengerous . thus we should understand how easy to get good safety trip with resonable price . we should know the trip without tourguide is waste money and time .
(ARA,high) In the past , knowledge was not valued and spread as it is nowadays . The people counted on their working capacities to ensure their food and necessities . In our time , it is becoming , more and more , a necessity to be well educated , otherwise your opportunities to get a respectful job are very limited . Manytimes , we appreciate those specialized people who can cover all the surounding criteria in a certain subject more then the people who have diversified their knowledge . Both broad knowledge and specific subject knowledge are in need in our society and each one is characterized by a different set of benefits . Specialization in one specific subject is a must in the research centers , in the universities and in the research development departments of the big companies . Those persons are characterized by a very different and accurate knowledge in some fields which can lead to minimize errors and could lead to some creativity of new products or research methodologies . Generally speaking , those people can find jobs much easily in the developped countries like the U.S , Canada , France ... For example , if i will be able to get a PhD , most probably i will not return back to my native country since the opportunity to work for such qualified persons are very limited . So before deciding if i will apply to this i should accept the next decision , which is to continue my life abroad . Although specialization seems to be very good , many job opportunities in the developping and under developped countries can not hire such persons . For them , such persons are considered as overqualified employees and they do not need their additional knowledge that they have gathered through their specialization . They are mostly seeking in persons who can do many jobs in the same time . So at this level , a person who has a broad knowledge of many academic subjects would most probably welcomed since he will be able to work on different and this exactly will satisfy the needs of the managers . I give the example when i was working for the first time after i have my undergraduate studies as agricultural enginner : The manager accepted me , but not a master degree student because he is not ready to pay a little bit more for his knowledge ; he did n't need his qualifications . Later i figured out that the manager hired me not just because i am an agricultural engineer but because i have great computer skills and because i have got some extra courses in marketing . So my diversified knowledge permitted to me to get the job , while the other person , who has a master degree in agriculture was not accepted . As a conclusion , both of the two concepts is valued ; we have always to weigh the benefits of each , clarify our needs and goals , and then to choose between specializing in one specific subject or trying to get a much broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
(HIN,high) Indeed , young people enjoy life more than older people do . The passion and inexperience of youth allows people to embrace new challenges and experiment freely with circumstances and situations . For instance , while the cares of home and hearth may not allow an older person to retire early and travel the earth , a younger person , who is not similarly attached , has the freedom to back-pack around the planet , without worrying about a wife , a child , an income , the rent , or the various other mundanities of everyday life . Real world experience informs us that as most people get older , their lives tend to follow a pattern . The natural cycle of birth , life and death , is interspersed by the human cycle of education , work , marriage , family , retirement and old age . While in the early stages , we seem to be writing our own destiny , the concerns of a spouse , children and work ( while they may be enjoyable in their own right ) , tend to limit our freedom , and establish a time worn pattern of life that each human being replicates in his/her own fashion . Youngsters are not only bereft of responsibility , they also have the singular advantage of being healthier , having more energy , vitality and vigour than older people . This allows them to stretch their limits and accept demanding challeges , both physical and mental , that allow them to enjoy life to the fullest . While on the one hand , this could translate into a bungee-jumping thrill , or a rigorous race , on the other , it could mean the ability to balance a college education with an extra-curricular pursuit , such as dance , music or art . The most fascinating aspect of youth is the tremendous hope and opportunity that lies ahead . While in college , we may dare to dream about conquering the world , and single-mindedly pursue our goals , as we get older , barring a prodigious few , we are restricted by the knowledge of our own limitations . While experience and maturity have their merit , nothing can rival the optimism and endurance of youth .
(TUR,high) Every grandmother talks about the good-old days , when the younger were more helpful the old ones , respectful for family values and community culture . Well , somebody has to tell them back that the times have changed ! I agree that young people are not like in the old times , because they are more individualistic , they have less time for family and community but more for work . Also the old ones have changed ! They are more healthy and socially active , so they do not need younger ones as they did in the past . First of all , everbody will accept that we are now living in a society where everyone lives an individual life , rather than as a part of a community . This individuality has physical aspects and also cultural aspects . For example , the number of people working in cities or even countries different then where their family live , is going higher and higher every year . How can somebody be helpful to his community , if he is 1000 miles away ? This is physically not possible . And culturally , with all the media and advertisement bombardment telling the people that the only important thing in this life is themselves but nothing else ; how can young people not be individual caring about only their own lives ? The times have also changed in terms of the time which we must spend for things other than family isues . Young people have to spend much of their time in their school and work . They can not even find enough time to deal with all these , actually . That results in less time for the family and community again . Lastly , the old ones also changed ! They are healthier , and socially more active than they used to be . They need the younger ones less and less by the advances in technology also . Which means it is not only the younger ones that have changed . The world we live in is certainly different than what it had been before . One of the results is that younger people are not into their comunities as much as they did in the past . They are more individualistic , they have less time , and actually the older ones needs them less , too .
(ARA,low) Advertisements alwasys trying to make you `` when i said you it is mean people '' looke at the product from another side the best side . This is there responsibilty and it is there job to market their products . They are spending fourtune on Televission , Radio and posters . In my openion I thought before that they are steeling from us by convencing our children in a product i am not interested in . But by the time I have read and understand that this is bussiness and this is how it worked . it has some advantages and dis advatages . Although it brought to us the very new technology , and , it help us by using all of the facilities , but in my openion I think it is wasting for our money and sometimes it is not like what we see in the Televession . Now aday if you opened the Televission you will spend muct time watching those products . Even so if you go to the movie theator you will waste so much time watching those products and you were paying to watch it . In conclussion if I had acompany I would do the same thing because people allways do not have the time to think or to try those things , they would say if it does'nt work well it would not matter because it was cheap or if I am going to returne it I would waste time . If all of families were well knoledgable those thing will not appeare .
(KOR,medium) Did you read about `` 7 habits of high success people '' wtitten by Steven Covey . I was 18 years old , I read it . It was so good for me . My major is accounting and bussiness management . So that books is the most important book . Right now , many people try new things , and some people will be fail , or some people will be great success . I think , I agree this statement , because , I believe that proverb `` When you sow , and if you reap '' This provers is the true . For example , If you are a C E O of the big company . and your company is the third grade of the customer . Even , your company is getting down of custome favorites , In this situation , If are you staying that spot ? may be not , If you try new things , even you havu take risks sourse . Many bussiness people avoid change . Because they do not like the lisk . Right , anybody does not like the lisk . Also my mother too . my mom has a coffee shop in korea . Coffee shop is very good income . But , It is not still forever . 3 months later another coffee shop is opened . and they was compititied . so my mom try new things , For example , my mom bought the waffel constructure . This is very expensive . some people told that `` Do not take the waffle , coffee is enough '' However mom mind is not change , and than seccess . I think many people fear to fail . also me too . but `` When you saw , if you reap '' so try , and try new things . Later you secce
(ITA,low) I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than tere are today . Today the employes , management men or more generally the workers go to the office by the car . The roads , day after day , are full of the cars . Less persons take , the bus or the train to go at office or stabliment . Besides in these years family go on holiday in week/end , and so every week they prefer to take the car for to reach the holiday city that they take bus , train ... Besides the modern people is less active that the past people . In the past the people go to the office or stabliment walking for three or four miles , instaend today the boys take the car for to accross the street !! Another reason because it is impossible that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today is the price that the cars sell to public . In the past the price of the cars is more expensive than today , and so less persons can to buy the cars . Today the boys of 19/20 years old buy the cars , because the price of the cars must share in several parts distribuited on plus years and so the young boys can buy the cars .
(GER,medium) I entirely agree with this statement due to the following factors : First of all , I think that fuel will become more expensive and for many people it will be hard to afford going by car . Another reason why I think that there will be fewer cars in the future is because of the high pollution and the smog in the world , which is mostly produced by the car drivers . Nowadays there are also far too many cars on the street . There is a lot of traffic ervey day and parking spots are quite limited in several areas . Sometimes it would be much faster to go by public transport than to go by car and try to find a parking spot . Because of these masses of cars on the street the pollution will just increase . All these factors mentioned above should encourage the people to stop driving and start going by public transport . But evidently they do n't ! Fuel can get more expensive and more expensive , but the people are still driving more than ever . I still think that the numbers of cars in use will be reduced . Not by the people itself , but by restrictions of the government . In my opinion it is the duty of the government to prevent the country from more pollution and smog . I am sure that in the next ten years there will be quite a few suggestions from the government trying to limit the number of cars . It will not be a very easy task for them , because they will have to convince the people who are used to driving a car to go by public transport or maybe just to walk . I think for most of the people not being able to go by car anymore will be a loss of their freedom and flexibilty . It will be important to show them the alternatives and also to build up a strong publich transport , where you are as flexible and free as in a car . I know that it wo n't be easy to reduce the number of cars , but I think it is a task to be done in order to keep the world a clean place and I am sure that it will be done !
(CHI,medium) Do you take over a lots of kinds of knowledge with you ? The most people who had great work 's experentes think that the student who are still studying in the school or university should to take broad knowledge of many acadmic subjects , because they think that it is better to childrens to get carrer when they grow up . However , I do not agree with those people , and i think take one specific subject only is better than anthor . I will list my spcial reasons in the following . First of all , I just think that take one specific subject and study it very well is much better than study a lots of kinds of subjects . Because a person who only need take one of subjects could live well in the world , and if this guy can learn it very well , then , this guy will become a famous person in this subject . If a person who study broad knowledge of many acadmic subjects will not learn very well i think , because one have no enough time to take those subject very , only can half-understand about this subject . secondly , rght now , in the world most companys which always need some guy who is professional in one 's subject area , because they have no time to get some person who is not good at this subject , and to teach one how to work on it , they would like to get some guy who is good at this subject , because this guy are really take well on this skills , and do not need to spend time for study it again . On this way , the company who take this preson will have better infulence of work . Finally , I think a prson who studly a lots of kinds of subject is not good , because those guy will spend a lots of time on those subject and cannot take it well . The reason is not those guy are stupid , just because it is too difficult . Everybody should know that the time is money for us , we have not idea to find it back , so we have to treasure the every hour and every minutes , ever every seconds . In the concultion , I just think the people who are only take one subject is better to study on a lots of kinds of subject , and this way will make more earier on one 's road of life .
(JPN,medium) I have experiemced a situation many times when I was disappointed by the actual usefullness of a productb compared to the advertisement on the televisions . Most advertisements truly make products seem much better than they really are . We see many kinds of advertisements on almost every channnel on television , such as laundry soap which makes dirty laundries exreamly white or jerm killing spray which killes all the jerms in three seconds . Almost all products have catchy phrase and a song that goes with it which makes us want to try it at least once . In Japan , TV advertisements play a big part in the society . They have ring tones of a particular advertisement songs that we can download or t-shirts that have a character of a specific character of a product . They are part of our life , and we are often unaware that we are actually advertising those products . Because television advertisements play a huge part in Japan , people who make the advertisements end up focusing on the `` side effects '' rather than the actual usefullness of affection of a product . Also , the company which makes advertisements focus more on the `` looking '' of the product than of the actual taste of the usefullness of the product or a dish , because their job is to gather peoples ' attention as much as possible . When advertising something , it is important to make sure that it looks good and attractive . But we always have to be aware that they are sometimes over exaggerating .
(SPA,medium) I agree with this statement , but I would like to clarify the term sucess first . What does it mean ? I understand success as a moment in a person 's life when s/he achieves a very significant goal that had before , in that sense might be happiness , joy or perhaps money . After this definition , I consider sucessful people usually take risks and try new things , but base on their own experience and knowledge and taking into account the advantges and the disadvantages that the new idea could brings up . In that sense it 's not just take risks , it implies a wise understanding of the situation . I believe it is very comfortable to keep doing the same things that you already know , but at the same time `` monotony '' it 's something that does n't allow to prosper and literally destroy our dreams . There are many examples of people who had taken risks in their lives and failed , but at the same time you can take risks as much as you want , there is no limitation about it . I definetly empatized with this point of view , because if you want to be happy or to be leader you have to struggle and get your dreams , they wo n't come by praying or by miracle . Sucessful people are always trying to be different and looking for new targets with a very clear idea in their minds and with many arguments to support their plans . Muy last argument is , our life is a very dynamic and a opportunity to create alernatives . People who have been working only under the same paradigms are wasting an unvaluable opportunity to shine and to achieve their goals . Hence sucess people area always looking forward for planning new strategies in their life and be happy for ever .
(SPA,medium) Do really the young people enjoy like more the life than older people do ? I do not think that would be the complete answer . At present , not all the young people enjoy the life more than older ones . Nowadays there is a huge development in new technologies , such as electronics , giving us new items and facilities such as cell phones , internet and worlwide communications that were out of mind when the older people were young . But this also , is the responsible of a more stressfull lifestyle in the actual youth . Most of the time , these are the causes of the increasing number of young people that commit suicide and suffers depression . Young people is still learning to live , but in a world totally different of the older man . Today there is more competition for all , even for finding a job , now a man does not have to compete against the others that live in the same city or region but if does with the men around the world . This causes a more difficult stressfull situations in young people that derives in a less enjoyable life experience . Sometimes the inexperience of young people in taking decisions about their own life are stressfull situations , and sometimes they take this in the wrong way . The necessity to make all the things faster and better that have the majority of youngs , acts against them . The older people now take advantages of the advances in medicine than can increase their life quality , and in some cases , to cure the illness known to commonly affect them . They , in opposition to young people are mature enough and have their lifes fully realized that makes them available to have more enjoyable experiences than some of the actual youth generation . I think that the way the young people can enjoy better the life than older people is by taking in account the advises and wisdom of old people . We have to remember the old people have already walked by the way the young ones are barely trying to go throw .
(SPA,high) I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will fewer cars in use than there are today . As cars become cheaper , safer and more user-friendly , more people will choose cars as their main means of transportation . Some people may argue that technological advances in telecommunications may reduce the need for transportation . I think that , while it is true that there has already been a general decrease in business trips , the use of cars for private transportation will continue to increase in the future . Others may argue that more efficient public transportation will render cars obsolete . However , I believe that although public transportation is a key factor in development , it will never substitute cars because of its inherent limitations . The cost of producing a car has been greatly reduced in recent years whereas their convenience and performance continues to increase . Nowadays fully equiped cars such as the Renault Logan or the Subaru Pleo cost around three thousand dollars to produce and are sold for aroudn five thousand . Another important factor is the rapid growth of the automotive markets in developing countries such as India , China or Brazil . In these countries still relatively few people own a car but there is a great potential for growth . In China , for example , last year saw a twenty percent increase in units sold . Following this trend , many car manufacturers are launching low cost BRIC ( which stands for Brazil , Russia , India , China ) product lines designed to meet these market 's demands . In conclusion , although it is true that the use of cars may be reduced in specific situations , I believe that in general the number of cars will continue increasing .
(TEL,medium) i agree that students must understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . Concepts and ideas are plays a major role in learn facts . By understanding the ideas and concepts we will get a more knowledge and to to get a good result in our examinations . To understand the concepts students are need to attend the classes regularly . If we miss the class we are unable to understand the concepts clearly . If we are study by using concepts and ideas we can remember for a longtime we can recall easily . By learning concepts and ideas we will be more thoroughly in that subject . By understanding concepts and ideas it makes me more intelligent and knowledgible person . It is very useful for our final examination . For the final examination we have to study more topics . It is difficult to remember all topics at a time . sometimes we forgotten . If wwe are studying all topics by understandin concepts and ideas we are able to remember easily . it enhances to recall very easy in final examination . Some students are learn facts without understand ideas and concepts . Its not benificial to them . they will be get bad results in future . concept and ideas are more important for students . By understanding these two factors students are achieve their goal . It will be useful in higher studies . In higher studies understanding the concept is more important . We need more practical knowledge . With out understanding concepts and ideas nobody cannot reach their goal . these are more important factors in student life . students have must done the projects in their life . For doing projects concept is more important . By thinking ideas makes me a knowledgable person . Students get more benificial by understanding concepts and ideas . They will be have good future in his future life . If we can understand the concept deeply we will be more perfect in that subject . Then you are able to get good results . To understand the concepts and ideas will more useful in our future life . In professional and good joba we must need to understand the ideas . We will apply the ideas . Finally i suggest that every bstudent must understand concepts and ideas . It will makes a to get good career life and bright future .
(TEL,high) I believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . The first reason why I feel this is the fast diminishing petroleum and crude oil reserves across the world . According to one survey which I have read in the newspapers , all the oil reserves in the world may cater the demand for a maximum of another 100 years if the usage continues in the same phase . So the governments may force the public to use less cars to save the petroleum for other important tasks like cooking etc . , Another reason is that even if we develop cars which use electricity in the form of charged batteries as fuel instead of petroleum or diesel , the generation of electricity needs water or coal which are agian non-renewable sources of energy and they can be replenishable . This means that there is no guarantee for those models unless scientists come up with some source of energy like hydrogen gas which can be used as a fuel in the broader perspective without any problems in future . The third reason for my belief is the changing life styles of the people around the world . One may wonder how this effects the usage of cars . Now a days , the life style of the modern man has changed a lot , thanks to the luxuries provided by the advancements in the technology . Man has so much been addicted to the technology that , even to go to the nearby grocery shop , he needs a means of transportation like car . So the problem of obesity has started . This problem is not now confined to only developed countries . Even developing countries are facing the same problem . In fact , obesity has become a global problem . So the doctors are advising the people to have more physical exercise . So I think the means like bicycle may provide the dual benefit and the usage of cars will come down . So , given my reasons , I agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than they are today .
(TEL,high) I agree that in twenty years , there will be fewer cars than there are today . Owing to the over-crowding of roads and highways and lack of enough parking spaces in large-cities and the global warming effects due to the fuel-missions , authorities concerned in advanced countries around the world would plan on taking of a lot of cars off the road or atleast reduce their numbers as such . Cars consume too much fuel , fuel in the form of Kerosense , Petrol , Diesel . And their natural resouces like the crude-oil reserves are fast depleting . So , the number of cars are more likely to be decreased in a few years down the lane in order to cut down the fuel consumption . Countries/Nations would invest in building rail road infrastructure and build a wider and larger sophisticated network of railroads for inter-city and intra-city connections . This will happen in 20 years from now . Rail roads provide very efficient public transportation and this option naturally replaces cars . Public transportation like fuel efficient buses , trams will increase so as to serve the society 's transportation needs and hence people are less likely to be inclined to fancy themselves with a new car . Bicycles , tri-cycles offer a very eco-friendly alternative as a personal mode of transportation for travelling lesser distances . Traffic problems due to too many cars on the highways is viewed very cautiously by the Dept of Transportation in many cities . So , the only solution to cut down the traffic during peak times is to discourage people to buy cards and encourage public transportation like bus , trams , commuter-trains . Air-travel will increase and there will be airports at most smaller towns and cities and this enable people to reach their destinations faster . Airline network will be increased with better connections and better flights to serve the passengers needs in twenty years from now . Scientists have already spoken a lot about the deleterious effects of Global warming which is caused due to the dangerous fuel emissions from the cars . So , to check this , Governments will plan , strategise and draft a plan to find global solutions to this problem . This will result in fewer cars in 20 years from now . Cars may however remain a main mode of personal/family transportation now , but in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use which would result in a better enviroment across the globe and the world will be a lot cleaner and healthier .
(KOR,medium) A lot of controversy exists over weather traveling with a group or by alone . However , I strongly believe that traveling in a group led by tour guide is more valuable than traveling without a group . when I trip with group , it can be benificial . Also , I can make good relationship with my members of the group . The first reason why I would like to trip with large group is that traveling can be extremly helful for me . I get information about new places I wanted to know from the tour guide and share knowledge with my group members . This creats more beneficial traveling for everyone . For example , I visited the states last year with a group led by a tour guide . I did not have information about the place which I viewed , but the tour guide explained very carefully and friendly so that I could understanding the place 's history and charactoristics . In addition , traveling with a group makes me socialize with people . When some people are in trouble during the trip , such as ill or losing money , other people can cooperate each other so that they can solve their problem easily . Also , I can learn to control myself . Group activities need to each person 's responsibility and ability of self control . When I do well in the group , I will be able to learn a sense of accomplishment . It is often said that traveling in a group with a tour guide has some of nagative points . However , If I have a chance to trip , I will choose traveling with a goup of people for my enjoyable trip . It can be beneficial and It offers people to socialize with others . All we should notice that when people are traveling or exploring new places , having a tour guide and a group of people are positive influeces for their trip .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the opinion that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better that just having studied one specialized subject . I believe that knowing many academic subjects widely would help people understand more about what you really want to learn . People can get many points of view from that . For instence , when you are studying economics you cannot forget about international relationships which can change economy of the world . Also you have to think about how thinking only about good economy system may causes bad effects on the natural environments . People can learn more about what they are majoring by knowing other academic subjects . There are also other reasons . Not studying other subjects , which you thought not interesting may took your possibility . I had a friend who thought she does not good at mathmatics , but she gave herself one last chance to study mathmatics in the last year of high school . She ended up with finding that she actually like to study mathmatics . She have found her new possibility . To decide not to study a sbject with first impression of yours can be dangerous sometimes . You may miss your favorite subject . Futhermore , studying many subjects widens your future . If a person only knew one specific subject , you may have a few choices of jobs . If a person studied many different subject , then those subjects can give him a lot of opportunities to think what he really want to do in the future . When I was younger I had a totally different job in my mind for the future , but studying many subjects in high school and university has changed my opinion many times . It is because I have found other possibilities for the future by studying many different things . To study many subjects will take time and a lot of effort . However without studying them you will never know your possibilities in the future . It is not too late to study specific subject after you have studied different things .
(FRE,high) In an age of mass production and consumption , manufacturers engage in a harsh competition to survive . The consumer wants to know that he is getting the most out of his investment and may rely on advertisements to decide which product would be the wisest purchase . It is then no surprise that when companies advertise their products , they focus on its benefits - perhaps exaggerating them - and rarely disclose its shortcomings . Advertisements of beauty products are a good example of this type of embellishment . The consumer wants a mascara that will lenghten , define , and thicken her eyelashes without making them appear clumped together . All cosmetic companies know this and , year after year , advertise a new mascara designed to do all this . Dramatic pictures shown on television or printed in magazines display its unique ability to thicken thicken , but never mention that this same technology also leads to a clumping or , worse , shedding of eyelashes . If the companies mentioned these side-effects , who would buy this revolutionary mascara ? This scheme seems to be working , since the new formulas keep entering the market every year , and women are still buying them ! Diet pills are also advertised as being much more effective and safer than truly are . The typical advertisement shows pictures of ( pretended ) consumers before and after using the miraculous product . Of course , the `` after '' pictures are always taken in a more flattering light , with the happy customer wearing better-fitting clothes and often sporting a tan . They are also digitally enhanced , to the point that one may come to doubt whether these people have even lost any weight or used the diet pills . In any case , the pictured consumers appear thinner , healthier , and happier . But do diet pills really bring about such formidable changes ? Advertisers conveniently omit the need to balance diet and exercise in order to maintain a healthy weight and the customer is more than happy to purchase an easy solution . Just the same , the makers of these diet pills typically mention the possible side-effects in small print , while the numerous advantages of their products are spelled out in bright , bold letters . Finally , even if these diet pills are effective , the customer hoping to gain a better self-esteem and happiness may be very disappointed . After all this person has not changed his or her definition of personal worth along with a new , shapelier waist . In conclusion , manufacturers must resort to somewhat dishonest practices in order to sell their products . However , I do n't believe this is done specifically to dupe the consumer , but simply as a matter of economic necessity . It remains the consumer 's duty to understand this and to develop a more realistic understanding of what a product can and cannot do in order to critically examine an advertiser 's claims
(ITA,medium) Some students learn only facts , while others are able to understand the ideas and the concepts that derive from those facts . According to me , that I am a student and so I 'm really concerned about this , only learning a fact without learning something from it it 's unuseful , as students are n't memory machine but they have also emotions and some facts can touch them . For example , if I have to follow a lesson , which speaks about the progressive movement , obviously I will learn all the fact that had derived from this movement and I will be interested in learning it , but only this will not satisfy me . In fact I think that it will be more useful and more interesting if I can go inside this movement and understand which are the reasons why this movement was created , what was the background of that period , what was the most important thing that pushed people who belonged to this movement to act in that way ... Otherwise , I do n't learn nothing that can help me to improve myself , as I 've only learned a series of facts without having understood them . Another reasons is that , if students are taken inside the facts , they will be more involved and so they can appasionate to it and will follow every lessons paying more attention . For this reason , I think that seeing films which speak about a particular event , is a thing which can help students to learn this event , as films do n't describe only a fact , but allow us to share the emotions of every character who is involved in the event . In conclusion , I think that only learning a fact is a void learning as it does n't help people to improve themselves , so I will ever try , everytime that I will approach to learn something , to understand ideas and concepts at the basis .
(KOR,low) I agree that it is more important for student to understand ideas and conceptions . First , understanding ideas and conception impact on their behavior and whole lifes at this time . It is clear that they
(TEL,medium) In now a days the young people are not give enough time to helping their communities . yes i agree with this . because the main point is they have no intrest helping others . some young people are are giving enough time for helping their communities . because they are intreested in that . but in this days the young people intrested to go for a cinema whereas to help for the oyhers . they are spending more time and more money on the joyfull entertinements . but whereas in my opinion this is not true because , me and my friends are having enough time to halp for my communities . we spend time for that when we are free . so that in now a days the young people are preferred to enjoy with their friends , familys and with others than to help for the communities . the young people should hel for the community . because it is very benificial for communitt and society . The main idea is f we help for the community , by seeing us our yonger friends or any one , they may try to help for the community . so that this will be increased by seeing one onther . at last it suppors the community . the helping for the community is main idea of me.because in now adays no one is preffering to help others . because every one is having their own problems and every one is having a littele bit selfishness . so that they cant help for the community . the young people in now a days are preferrring to enjoy than to help for the community . if the young people will hwlp to yhe community the community will become good . the helping nature of the people should grow frm the childhood only . because if that grows from childwood they can help after that also . if it no grows it is immpossible to help in the young age . the young in this days are very joy full persons . so that they cant help for the other people . young people in nowadays do not enough to help for the communities . because the work pressure on them is very high , and some young students have no time to help the communities because of their studies pressure on them . these are the main reasons why the young people are helping or not helping for the communities . some people young people may help by words not by money . i think the words are very helpfull for development of the community . so the young people should help for their communities hen they have time . if every younger do ths the community will become good . and it is usefull for future community development . i my opinion every young people is not helping their communities , if they dcided to help their communities the community become good . and by seeing them the otheryounger may try to help others . so the younger should help for their communities .
(GER,high) The statement if successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , is very difficult to evaluate , because it depends on how well someone does on a special topic . Thus , it is very difficult for me to agree or disagree with the above mentioned statement . In my opinion a person can also be successful in doing things which he or her knows in detail . When I think of a professor of mathematics for instance who is teaching at a university , it is even necessary for him to know his subject very well . He is also successful , although he does not try new things , because there are no real discoveries in math which can be made . Everything is already fully discovered . Nevertheless , there are people who need to try new things in order to be successful , scientists for example . If you do not take risks , you will not have any success in your field of study . A very controversial topic at the moment is cloning . Everyday , genes are getting reproduced by several scientists . All this started some time ago when `` Dolly '' the first sheep was cloned . The world at that time was shocked . These scientists who were responsible for Dolly 's existence took the risk of maybe creating a monster , because no one has ever had any experience with this technology . Many people , especially those with religious backgrounds , raised many concerns . But despite these critics , the scientists moved on dealing with human embryos . In the USA , voices have already announced that a human has been cloned . To my mind , this is defintely a success , whether or not you agree with the ethical background . Scientists have taken the risk and they have tried new things . Consequently , they have been successful . The point I am trying to make is that the statement I had to discuss is bias . On the one hand , it is necessary for being successful to discover new areas , but on the other hand people can also be good in only one thing . It just depends on the kind of person you are . All in all , I cannot disagree or agree with this statement , because for me both are very important facts for being successful !
(SPA,medium) I 'm agree with the statement above , because usually the companies want to have more costumers and they start the publicity for this . They just show in commercials the best things of their products , but they do n't give the costumer all the true . For example if you go to a fast foods restaurants , they have meals cheaper than meals that you can find in other kinds of restaurants . It 's true it 's cheap meal , but also is small , and it can affect the health of the costumer , because its nutritional facts will can damage the regular system of the body in the future . In other hand , if you go to the clothes store , obviously you want to see the best and the cheapest dress that they have , but the problem is , in some cases , that they do n't have your size , the clothes there is just for thin women and you ca n't wear it . They just show the price and how beautiful is the dress but they do n't say that the clotes in this store is just for `` unreal women '' . I think that the owner of this types of companies are also costumers , and for this , they have to think like that . If they want more costumers , more sales , so more money , they have to know exactly what the `` real people '' need to wear , to eat , or just to live healthy . I come from another country and the first time when I realized the way of I 'll have to live my life here , I thought `` I 'm going to have many problems '' , because in my country the life is slower than here , and we have time to think about ourselves . We have some more time to cook , to have a good times with our friends , but we also are more lazy than American people and just think about the party time . I think because American people do n't have enough time for cook or do differents things , they make everything easiest for everyone , and is why they just show the best of their products with do n't care about the things that can cause a damage ( the fry meal ) to the costumers .
(TUR,medium) Throughout centuries , all living things have tried to appel to others in many ways . Even in the earlier ages , people have seemed to in a way know the concept of ` marketing` . The term marketing is not only private to living things on esrth , but non living things , as well . Therefore , if everything is taken as a product , they have to advertise themselves . This is the field where the marketers or the advertisers are utterly successful at . They pomp up their products and advertise them by displaying them as if they were the only product to be purchased by the customers . Howeever , most times , they are mistaken because I believe that most ads do not make products seem much better than what they really are , First of all , there is a highly crucial institution called BAS ( British Advertising Standardars ) to which most advertisers do not confor to a great extent . BAS typically represents a code of conduct that advertisera must comply with . Nevertheless , most of them might exhibit an ad as printed on the paper distracting the customer or a commercial on T.V. as diverting and even advertisement on the internet as misleading . Hence . in order to avoid this , the BAS supervises the role of sort of a censorship against popped up or misleading ads . The consequence of the complaints about any specific , particularly after use , is made by the client and the BAS gets in charge to take care of that certain ad to protect the rights of the customer financially . Second , most ads make some particular products seem better then they are and even if they are extremely expensive , especially female customers may afford to buy any cosmetique product such as powders , creams , lashes or perfumes without checking their essential needs or the utility of that product . Consequently , I agree with the statement in that ads are generall misleading and pomping up any particular product that advertis
(TUR,medium) `` Big risks brings big opportunities '' I can not remember very well but I heard it or read it from somewhere which tells that by taking risks you gain chance to well-off . I agree with this aggreement and also agree that successful people are the ones who take risks and try new things . There are lots of things you can do for being a successful person . You should work hard , try to learn , watching the new technologies . Althogh these make you successful \ they are not enough for being successful . For instance you can know every thing about your bussiness \ you watching every improvement in your job , you worh hard . However you do not have the courage to imply these information to your bussines . Then what are you going to do wtih them ? People try new things and take risks in order to be seccussful . Firstly people shoul try new things . Todays world everything changes fastly and you have to follow these changes in order to be successful .. For example you have to learn internet , or how to control your e-mails . Nowadays every thing runs from internet and by e-mail . Because it is one of the fastest and the cheapest way to communicate with long distances . There are few people left who uses letters to communicate . Secondly and I think this one is important than trying new things is take risks . Taking risks is the key factor that brings you to success . If you always do what you already do really well you stay in where you are . Taking risks concluded with different solutions and also higher revenues . However one important thing about taking risk is you should think carefully and well prepared before you take the risks . Because besides big opportunities it can also bring sadness . I wanna give a great example from my country , Turkey . The founder of Turkish Republic , Mustafa Kemak Ataturk . He takes big risks during the per'od he wnated to found Turkish Republic . But as a result he became successfl . As a conclusion taking risk and
(SPA,medium) If we talking about the people success we can analize if its true the statement that say that successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . We can analize that statement in differents topics of the society People can do the same thing everytime and if they know how to do it well it is very probably that they have a moderate success . In otherwise , people that take risks maybe have differents results , but the most related with the succes . The dimensions of his success is related to the knowledge about the thing that they doing . For example , if we analize that statement in the business terms . When people that have the knowledge about the `` know how '' to do an especific product ( very common ) and make an asociation with people with the ability to take the risk and explore new markets associated at the product maybe hace a great succes . In conclussion , is not enough only to take risk , we must have the knowledge about the thing that we are doing and the ability to make changes in order to obtain the major success .
(TUR,medium) Since the middle of the 20th century , cars have become a significant part of the daily life of human . Consequently , most of the people are not able to imagine a life without a car . In my following essay , i would like to introduce to you my point of few on whether the use of cars in the early future will decrease or not . In the first place , we should have an in-depth view of the main function of cars . Like everybody can guess , it is transportation . A car helps us to reach places , where we want to go in a pretty short time . For me personally , that means to be independent from others . The possibility to drive wherever I want to drive and which way I want to take gives me some sort of freedom . On the other hand , I can drive to the university , without needing to take public transportation , which signalizes once again dependency for me . Besides of that , we should not forget , that there are also enthusiastic drivers among us , who never leave their cars unwatched . For these kind of people , a car represents a hobby , in which they like to invest all of their free time . The last , but I think most important fact is , that research is working on finding out alternative energy sources . Examples , which are already in use , are electronical or solar drives , which do not need the `` classical '' petrolium . Through these and upcoming future inventions , car driving will become much cheaper , which will have the consequence , that more and more people will decide to drive cars . maybe petrolium and gas will get more expensive , but in maybe less then 20 years , there will be created cheaper alternative energy sources for car .
(SPA,medium) Would you eat a hamburguer if the image that is shown of it doesnt show a delicius meal ? i dont think you will , i wont , and its true that i will probably be mad by the time i get the physical evidence of the advertisement image if it does not look like the picture . I believe that those who work on advertisement must cheer customers to buy , buying is what makes marketing moves , because of buying is why economy works , it is their job , and it is our right to know how it works , so i dont think its a matter of agreeing or disagreeing about it , we can not believe everything we heard or everything we saw , we must know and be able to make our own statements of the things that media brings to us , for example i dont believe on what news are telling me , it is proved that there is always some edition of the true , like when a president of some country creates a virtual reality so he can excused his self to do a lot of barbarian acts , like war , killing , polluting , and other horribe things . I lived at Bogota , and the police is making the people to believe that there are terrorists around , so we need the police to feel safe , i wont trade my freedom for security . Coming back to the advertisement topic , i thing that is the own goberment who has the job of not letting people to feel cheated making several laws that punish those people that makes money selling a false image of the product . we have to be aware of not buying untrusty products . Finally i had to say that its peoples choice so have to be awake and ready to say if it
(ARA,medium) how do we know if this human being is successful ? success is not a word you can give to any human being , a successful person is a person who learns new things or do new things with taking all the risks . well i surely do agree that a successful human being is a person who takes risks in his life , he 's a person who uses all the apportunities he got , bieng riski is one of the most important things to make a career and to be one of the best . some people think they reached the limit of knowing everything and they think that there 's no way this thing would work better , but they are definetly wrong , they still have much to learn , lets take an example a small employe in a company working on a desk , am sure thats not what he wants , he should learn more about what he 's doing so he can become a boss one day , then we can call him successful he reached to the top from the bottom . taking a risk is a way diffrent from learning somthing new , taking a risk needs thinking and full conssence of what might happen , you cant just take a risk and jump from the 7th floor while you already know that something bad is going to happen , thats what we call suicide not a risk . people should take risk on good things , things that might end with good results , like buying a used car might be a good income to you at last while you was afraid it would be a loss i just wanna say at last that people who look for more education or more of anything are more successful than any othe human being .
(TUR,medium) I think that many of the young people enjoy life more than older people because they have an a lot of time , energies and other facts besides the older people to get enjoy from the life . All of us birht , grow , and dead . All things has a time to do and each of them are good when doing at that age . At the age of child or young you have an only jop that is your school at the other time your are free and you can do what ever you want and you do n't have other responsiplty . You can get out with your frend you can travel where ever you want . At that age you have a lot of friends to share your life and make it beatiful . It is the best time to get enjoyed from the life . As a young people you do n't meet by the heavy side of the world . But as you started to get older all things come one by one and you do n't have time to do your own likes . If you have a family you have to think your children , your childrens future , yourwife and go on . I think at the age of 25's thinking your future will start slowly and this will bord you . At that age you will be grauduated from your universty and you have to find a jop to continue your life . This will be the small start of getting bored from life . Also when your are young mostly do n't have a healty problem and we enjoy from the life but as the age get older the healty problem starts and this will makes us bored and effect us from enjoying from the life . Also when you are getter older you have scare of dead . Finally the best thing to make life more enjoyable is to get enjoy from all part of your life . This will make your life more suitable .
(TUR,high) The rapid growth in the usage of cars , especially in the last ten years , has caused lots of both social and environmental problems to increase ; however , because of the facts that there is an rapid increase in the world 's population , the people are getting involved in several issues within a same day due to the increasing challenge , and that the car is known to be a symbol of so-called ` prestige ' , I believe there wo n't be fewer cars in use ; rather an increase in the amount could be expected in twenty years . First of all , the rapid increase in the world 's population is unfortunately can not be prevented in most of the countries . If we just think of the case that the world economy will not undergo severe damages in twenty years ; then it is a clear fact that the more the humans born , the more the number of cars that will be used will increase . If the newly built up , wide roads are taken into account , we may even say that the demand for cars will increase in a considerable amount . Secondly , the life challange has accelerated for people during the last years , making them get involved in several tasks even within a single day . For example , you could imagine a mother who has has the following tasks to do in a single day : Bringing her little son to school , then going to work , completing lots of issues even by going somewhere else to trade and finally going back to her son 's school to get him back for the guitar lesson that he will have . Without a doubt , she will prefer to use her own car , not the public transportation in order to accomplish her targets in the fastest , most comfortable and convenient way . Finally , in today 's world , it is unfortunately a fact that the cars are seen as prestige elements for the lives of certain people such as bussinessmen or youth . They think themselves to have obtained a certain degree in public if they use their own , expensive , luxurious cars . Although this is very nonsense for a lot of us , we can never skip this fact in the increase of the cars within the next tewnty years . As a conclusion , though the use of public transportation and so the decrease in the usage of cars will solve most of the transportation , traffic-jam , sociological and environmental problems ; it comes out to be a fact for me that ; there will not be any decrease in the usage of cars within twenty years according to the problems of rapid growth in population , increase in the life challenge and the prestige that is thought to be obtained by using a car .
(KOR,medium) People , especially those who would like to make a succees in their life , discuss about whether they always try to find new things and get the risk or just still staying what they already have a knowledge to make a better life . I strongly believe that those who succeed in their life must take a risk and try to get new things because in the age of information , the spirit of exploitation and pioneer is necessary and stability means bake to the era . Firtly , successful people always have a good spirit of fronteer to exploit their life . For example , the SamSung company which is specialized in electronic field such as TV , computers and semiconduct product worldwidely has been researched new market and toe-notched products at everymoment as a result , it has been able to get a great reputation in the world market and people . If the company still enjoyed the stability , today 's successful story would not be existed . Further more , the company which exploit the well of crude oil always try to fine a new resources with investing agreat amount of money with huge risk . For these efforts , it deserved to get much reputation and accumulate the fortune . Secondly , stability of today 's life means back to the past in this capitalism . Everyday , new information is revealed to the public and every individual must have a radar to catch it . For example , the auto maker company try to new desing to meet the customers ' need in the market , however the do not mke an effort to make a new design of cars , the company will lose the people 's consumption . By doing so , new investment and new design should be tried to keep the reputation and successful story . In addition , if a member of computer program company has knowledge old version , he will be lose his job and even previous skill . For these reasons , I strongly believe that people want be successful life , they must have a sense of challenge and must realize the stability of today 's life will ruin them in the modern society . In order to succeed , we should review the international successfully company ' st .
(HIN,medium) Young and old people both enjoys life with their best they can do . Young people have some problems too same as to for the older ones . But here i think that the young ones generally enjoy more that that of the old people . In my opinion , young thinks less about their future and the outcomes of their deeds . While in case of older people they generaly think about the outcomes of their misdeed so what they do is carefully as compared to young people . Most of the old people generally lost their purpose of living and wait for the death , indeed , some enjoys their life , regardless of the worries at home . In joint families generally old people get the respect but when thing comes to the nuclear families , old ones are neglected . But it is not in the case of the young ones they are loved by the whole family members and most of their mistakes are neglected . This carries them to go on enjoying more . Appearence the the next thing in the context . Obviously , the old people have lost their charming faces , their well toned body and now they have lose skin with lots of raches and water is comong out of their mouth . They seems little ugly but young-ones are cute and lovable . This makes them to be loved by most of the people and get support to do things more and enjoy them . One of the most important thing old people generally sleep late night and wakeup early in the this distracts most of the people and me too . They wakeup and will do something , which generally disturbs others sleep and i love mornig sleep . And young people also enjoys it a lot . In this way I think that according to above based examples young people enjoys more than old people .
(SPA,medium) I am disagree . I see those advantages of travel with a group using a tour guide : - You do n't have to lost time in move from a place to other place , - You can share your own experience with other people with the same objective , - Do n't get worry about get lost or be in dangerous places , - Do n't have troubles with the language , - Make your days easy , because somebody else is explaining what you have in front of your face . Advantages about travel by yourself : - Know people from the city , - See more the village , walk next to the people , take the same air , eat the same food , - Tried to learn a language using some of their words , - Be a traveller where to learn their culture will be the first objective of your travel , - Ask where and how to know more about the city . I traveled as part of a group using a tour guide and was just a bad experience . You are so rigid to any wish or activity you would like to do by yourself , for example : when you are travelling with a group you have all the activities and the time depends of other person . There are travels organized by time where you only get a city go to touristic places and go back . You are travelling as as tourist . I will prefer always to travel as a traveller , that makes you more fun in your travel , you know more the city , the people , the culture and brief more the air of the city or place you are visiting . I was travelling a couple of time in Rome , the first time was with myself , i took a guide then i was walking around the city and see all the touristic places and eat in italians small restaurants . Thats was wonderful , i meet italians that then invited me to eat to their house to see an italian house , how they were living . With a group you will only listen some experience but not livinng those experience . I like to travel a lot and always i tried to travel with myself or not more to a friend in this way we can enjoy and share our opinions . Only we need a backpack , camera and documents ... Oh and money will help a lot .
(ITA,medium) I think that this is a generalization of the young word , and so I think that it is not a true statement . Might be true the fact that a part of young people does not help the other person who need their help , or does not put their ability or competences for a ` better word` , or simply a ' better local community` , but is also true that there are so many guys that every day make their ` good action` , or work hard for a right ideal to find a sense in their life . For example there are so many boys and girls that dedicate their free time to helping poor people , or to visit sick people , or simply help an old woman to cross the street . Is not that also an act of civil sense ? On the other hand I think that pheraps nowadays it is difficult to help the community , because the community makes see and think you what she wants . To explain , if a young boy does not respect some civic rules , or he does not care the others , it is just because the community does not teachs him to give importance to this important aspect , because the community makes see a winner model that is not a good model of person . But the young person have more than sometimes the necessary strenght to go on , indipendently by wrong schemes , to track his ideal of life , that are really good ideal of life . I think that it is the point : a young person is more encoureged to change the society by his inexperiece , but at the end is society that changes him , and corrupts him making of him an adult person . In fact this is the main passage from the young age So my opinion is simply that the society might change to help young to change her .
(GER,high) I have to admit that concepts and ideas are often neglected next to all the facts that students have to learn . History lessons are a good example . If you know all the dates , names and places that does not mean that you have understood the complex interaction of causes , consequences and motivations . Sometimes it is not even necessary to know exactly on which day or where something happend . Important is THAT it happened . What led to it and its impact on the future may be of much greater interest than its exact date . Is it not much more important what Einstein discovered than knowing on what day he was born ? Is it not more important to know that his invention led to the nuclear bomb than to know the place where he was born ? Of course , without facts nothing works . You could not teach history without dates , names and places . You could not explain any concept or idea without the facts that it bases on . Facts are the foundation to any thinking beyond . You can only understand why Einstein gave his idea to the americans if you know the fact that he was a jew . That is why I think that there should be a balance between facts and more . Students should get those facts that are necessary to understand the concept . In my eyes they are both equally important . One without the other is nothing . If you know all the elements of a computer you still cannot put them together correctly . If you possess the instruction but do not have all the elements it does not work either . And even if you have both it is not easy . But if someone explains it to you you might succeed . This is what teachers should do . They should give students the facts , some material about how to understand them and explain the big connections . I do not think that ideas and concepts are more important than facts , each is important in its own way . Ideas and concepts are based on facts . Students should learn both to be prepared for life .
(SPA,high) It is sad to say so , but I am afraid it would be completely the opposite . Not only there will not be fewer cars in twenty years but there will be more cars that our roads , fuel resources and specially , environment will be able to take over . It seems that in these days everybody has a car , new , second-hand , blue or red , compact or station-wagon , whatever the shape or model , when a young man or woman reaches the appropiate age to drive , they get one car . And this is specially true in the case of USA , where a person has nothing to do without a car . Everybody gets a car as soon as possible , not only because it is cheap . Also because long-distance communications throughout USA may be really good , but that is not the case when it comes to short distances . Moreover , when you are driving , if you take a look around other cars next to you , what you see is that most cars are only filled with one person . Maybe most of the people are heading towards the same direction , but nobody agrees to share the car , which will result into less fuel expense and from that into less air pollution . My opinion is also based on the fact that public transportation is already well developed , except in cities where there is a possibility of building an undergrown net . I do not see any future perspective of an alternative vehicle but who knows what will happen in twenty years . Those futuristic films where we could see spaceships floating on the air seem to be very faraway . It is true that every day there are more low-cost airlines that provide very cheap flights . But cars will never be replaced for short-distance travels . There will be more and more cars and this will have a terrible impact on our environment which already damaged by the pollution that cars produce . The best thing would consist on finding a new type of fuel , based on natural components instead of petrol , a new efficient and friendly-environmen
(CHI,high) Personally , i agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . This is because young people are more energetic , more healthy and have more adventures . First of all , younger people tend to have stronger bodies ; they are full of energy . They can play a lot of exciting sports . For example , younger people can paly basketball , rock climbing , snowboarding and so on . However , these kinds of sports will not be very good for elders because they tend to be tired very soon and they will not be able to enjoy themselves . Moreover , younger people are able to recover very fast after big games so that they can be ready for their next activities . In addition to being more energetic , yonger people are healthier . They tend to have strong bodies because they are growing up instead of getting old . Being strong has the advantages of enjoy their lives more . For instance , young people can eat almost anything they want to eat such junk food . This is because they do not have to worry about getting some disease . On the other hand , older people have to worry about their diets all the time because they tend to have problem with illnesses such as diabetes . Having healthy bodies truely are the big advantage for young people to enjoy their lives more . Finally , younger people will have more adventures . This is because they have more time than the elders do . For example , younger people are able to change jobs once a year , and they are not worried because they can always find a job . Even if in a labour work , younger people are fit . They can at least make their ends come meet . Most of all , they can spend their leisure time doing lots of activities such as travelling aroung . As for older people , they may not have as much oppotunities as younger people do . They have to be careful all the time and worry about losing their jobs . And they definately do not have the time to explore our modern society . It is clear that younger people will enjoy their lives more . This is because they have more energy . Also , they have stronger and healthier bodies . Last but not least , they are able to spend more time on coming across their exciting life experiences .
(ARA,medium) Travelling with a guide as a good influence for tourism is one of the major ways people use to enjoy their trips . My agreement is accounted to the best way to travel in group led by a tour guide . Travelling to a foriegn countries or a well known countries is completely the same . In both cases enjoyment is sought . Why we need a guide in our trip ? In my opinion the guide is more eligible to know the most rare and magnificint places which not well know even by local residents in that country . However , others may prefer tourism with out a guid for financial purpses . A lot of tourism seeker discovered laterly after their trips that they have spent more than they hould just because they did not hire an erudited guide to give them the pleasure they want along with a cheap prices . Guider mostly never fruad on tourist unless unknown guide from unknown company was used . All the guider are respected and have a special care about their reputation . although , some of my friends said the guider are lazy in some places , they are very energetic in other places . Some places need a special skills to go their . Otherwise , life risk shell be considered . Thus , guider usually are well trained face a posible danger and show the tourist the best way to see the place with a minimum risk . In additions , out side trips the one like in suburban or out side the city may expose the touror to a risk of being robbed . In this case guider usually have wireless devices to reported the accident and have the robber caought with out any danger or risk dealing with the situation . At last the pragmaticaly step people should do is to use assistance from tour guides when they need to make a trip . All the reasons I have mentioned are convinient to people used the tour guide before at most . Few unsatisfied people are presented , but that does not meat we should travel alone with out any experience or knowledg about the places we intend to visit , the guid do .
(TUR,high) Traffic in big cities continue to increase day by day and the ammount of cars on the streets are constantly rising . Some people think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . I agree with statement because of the rapid improvements in technology and because of the decrease in petrol resources throughout the whole world . Traffic is a major problem in metropolitans . For example in my city there has been an incredible increase in the amount of traffic in the last years . Roads are nearly everywhere covering nearly one third of the cities landscape . There is nearly nowhere left where people can sit and enjoy the fresh weather , wherever people go in the city they smell the disturbing smell of petrol and chemical gases caused by cars . I think in the coming years governments will consider this as a great problem and they will start finding solutions to this car problem . In my opinion technology will be their biggest aid in decreasing the amount of traffic in our cities . The increase in petrol and gas resources in earth is undeniable . Many scientists fear that in the coming years . there will be absolutely no resources left to use for cars or other transports . We are living in a world that is constantly using these kind of resources without doing anything the reproduce them . Imagine the world as a huge water wel . We are constantly taking little gulps from it not and thinking what will happen when the water is finished . As an addition the more we use these resources , the more expensive they get . This is why i think that humans will be forced to create new ways of transports . Like transports that use sunlight or hydrogene for example instead of petrol . This way cars will no longer be apart of our lives and we will start using different kinds of vehicles that have differnet names . As a result i think the amount of cars in the coming years will increase because of the size of te problems stated above and humans will start using alternative vehicles that wont cause the same problems and that will make life easier .
(HIN,high) Think of it if we would have had no internet facility and we would have send this response through a letter . What would have been the turn around time ? Its even hard to think of it . Its because of few successful people that we are savoring all these facilities . Human being is blessed with a mind power not to use it for things he is already aware of , but to try out different things so that he can help others with it . People who try out new and different things are better known in this world compare to the ones who have been amongst the common ones . Successful people differ from others in different perspectives like courage , approach and many more . First lets take an example of Sachin Tendulkar , the youngest player in the history of international cricket . If he would have assumed that a person can only be a part of country team only at adult age . Then his name would not have been written in history . With his courage and strength he gained the major place in world . Its his different styles of batting that make him stand different from others . Otherwise he would have been like other common players . There are many others and few of them are Abraham Lincoln , Mahatma Gandhi who were known for their courage and stood against the governing bodies to bring in the change for all . Second , think if Einstein would not have come up with those innovations . Had it been easy for men now to relate different things which are made easy now , with those laws . If he would have stopped because of his continuous failures and would not have taken another risk then people would have been deprived of another innovation . Its the approach and abilty to take risks that counts the most in this world and makes one successful and distinguish person . How many know us ? Well very few untill and unless we come up with few distinguish ideas or achievements that make us stand different from others . This is the reason why the Researchers or Specialists are given high positions in the society . Its not becuase they have different degrees attached to their names , its because of the innovations and their capability to try out new and different things .
(TEL,medium) I agree with the given statement that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . Young people enjoy the life as they experience the new situations coming accross them . But on other side the older people has experienced almost every situation whether it is difficilt or easy , thrilling or disappointing . For a young person every thing is new and challanging in this world . young people has anxiety to do some thing different the other like and they are even stonger than a old one , so he can do many things that a old one can never think off . A old person has already gone throudh all this situation so there is nothing to do ahead even if he wants to do some thing his physical capability does't allow him tomdo that . But where as a young person has the required time and strength to work harder and harder to succed . For a young person the time is very precious and so has to use each and every moment accordingly . where as most of the old people will be suffering with any of the physical or mental problems for example visibility problems . Young people are healthy and do have lot of anxiety to do some thing different . A young person is in learning stage where he faces many difficulties but i thing that the important part of life . He do lot of mistakes and he learns from it and he really enjoys it . As the final analysis i conclude saying that young people do enjoy alot when compared to aold people . One of the main reason i belief is that young people have more stength , anxiety and time to enjoy in what ever they do when compared to old people , who would be suffering from illness and many physical problems .
(FRE,high) I agree that most advertisement make products seem much better than they are . But I am not upset by this since the first goal of an advertisement is to make people like and buy the products . In my opinion , the real problem is that alot of people believe that some of these advertisements tell the truth and that is why we should provide some clear and objective information about the products in other to keep the consumers informed . It would be really hypocritical to say that advertisement does not li . Since its goal is to make the consumer purchase a product then it is logical to only tell the advantages of the products and not their drawbacks . For example imagine an advertisement that shows a car . If it says ` This car generates a lot pollution and uses a lot of oil ' , nobody will buy the car . But if it says ` This car if one of the fastest one and is extremely confortable ' , then a lot of men who likes speed will buy it . That why it may be logical to make a product look as good as you can if you want to sell it . Nevertheless the problem is that consummers have to be aware that advertisements do not always tell the truth . The key point is that they do n't provide a part of the information . That is why I think that it should exist some independent companies which goal is to compare the products and provide some objective information about them . For example we could imagine a study that compares all cars with the same criteria and would say about the car of my first paragraph : ` Ok , this car goes fast and is very confortable but it is not ecolocical at all and you will moreover need a lot of gas which is expensive ! ' . Thus , the men who like speed but are concerned with ecology would maybe buy an other one . As a conclusion , I think that advertisement will always make products seem much better than they really are . In my opinion , the real problem is that consummers should be aware of the real caracteristics of each product and that is why the role of independant organisations that keep the consummers informed are very important .
(SPA,high) When I was young , I used to think that `` older '' people who told me that `` age is mental state '' , that `` you are so young or so old as you feel yourself '' , or similar commonplaces , were either lying or at least looking for emotional justifications or excuses for the fact that , well , they were `` older '' and were not going to be any younger in the future . As I approach the symbolic `` frontier '' of 30 years , however , and even though I still do not believe that age is only mental , I must accept that I find more respect and understanding for those `` older '' people in my soul . Moreover , I find myself not only respecting those people but also their opinions , which imply that life does not end when youth ends and , maybe even more clearly , that you can enjoy life as long as your health allows you to and as long as you want to do it . Right , young people discover everything for the first time , young people live intensively and have the strenght to try out more . There are no nights like the nights when you discover nightlife , and there certainly is no love like the very first love . The first travels are especially exciting , and the same could be said about the first serious intelectual enterprises , the first jobs , the first experiences as a financially independent being . Still , older people who grant this but insist on the advantages of aging definitely have a point . For , in fact , young people do enjoy life , but they also suffer a lot ( that is why the concept `` teenage Angst '' exists , as well as one of the possible explanation for the popularity of , say , punk music ) . While the very first love has - for better or worse - an extreme impact , life shows you after a while that suffering related to love only seldom kills people , and that one uses to find other persons to love after a breakup - which is a thing no younger person dealing with an unhappy love story , for example , would even begin to understand . Besides , the levels of love you begin to feel and to perceive after some years on this Earth are simply incomprehensible to younger people who are still in the process of discovering love - and here I mean not only love between two persons as in a partnership or sexual relationship , but also fraternal love , family-love , friendship , and even love for certain aesthetic artifacts or for certain ideas . Experience brings a certain detachment with it , it usually involves distance and a decrease - however pronunciated - in passion , but it also implies deeper feelings - you only need to be old enough to notice that they are deeper . It would seem , thus , that both younger and older people enjoy life , or suffer it , more or less equally - only differently . The experiences in life are , indeed , so different and so potentially varieted , that it simply would not make sense to try to locate `` joy '' in any given age or life-period . Young people use to enjoy passionately and as if they were the only persons on Earth , while older people tend to be a little more mature about their own feelings and about their own position in the world . And this applies to suffering , as well . So maybe it would be best to forget categorizations based on `` objective '' facts like age and really try to make the best of one 's life regardless of how old one is . Maybe it would be better to try to enjoy life and to try to make as much other people as possible to enjoy it without caring about people 's age . Does this mean I am an `` older '' person who is looking for `` justifications '' or `` excuses '' ? I certainly think this is not the case , but I would let any given younger person to judge , and in the end , I do not seriously care - which could also mean that I have already arrived at this distant maturity ... Which is OK with me ! As long as it lasts ...
(JPN,low) My opinion is disagree . I think young people should help their communities . I have two reasons . First of all , young people in other words , students have much time than working people . After school , many students have a part-time job for earning money . It is important for them to do a part-time job . They can buy many cloths , shoes , snacks , and so on . But , I want to recommend them helping their communities . This may free . But , they can know new things which do n't learn in the school . For example , they can know about old people . There are various people in communities . So they can talk with who they do n't usually talk . Old people know many things than young people . Secondly , young people live in their communities too . Not only clean their own house but also a park , a road etc . M
(SPA,low) Nowadays the students are based on the believe that the know anything , they do not listen their parents , and a bad behavior is noted by them . I think that students preffer understand ideas and concepts because for a student that is frecuenly a teen agger its better lear the ideas and develop that ideas and concepts . In some cases the students preffers the facts , because like i said before students are teen agger and we have to know that is the basic of anything . I said that are another cases because like she used to said my grandmother `` we learn of hit '' . We can say that a student is know that he ca n't pass one subject he start to worry about and until this happened he is not really that he has to study a stay in class . The facts in some cases are needed to , thats the reall test for the student , if he ca n't do what he want to do , what can he do ?? , for other hand are some students that are very applicated and they do not need the hit to understand the main ideas and concepts that a teacher explain . When i was 15 years old , i always was the kind of student that know everything and that i can always do anything and i always believe that i was the better , one teacher , put me back on earth , because i have to graduated not happy , for all the work that i had to done , that subject takes me 2 years to pass , and then was when i noted that for the university i have to understand concepts an ideas and not hited me again like i did when i was a kid .
(JPN,medium) Some people say it 's better to specialize in one specific subject . But I think it 's better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects for two reasons . Therefore , I agree this statement . There are advantages to specialize in one thing . And also it 's needed in some occupations . A example which makes this clear is that a pilot needs special knowledge about an airplane and how to fly it . But I find more advantages to study many academic subjects . First , I think if thier knowledge are broad , They can have wider view . For instance , as an internet service has invented and a better transportation system has developed , you go abroad more frequently . Also you become to see many people who have different backgrounds . At that time , you have to recognize and understand other culture or history . If you do n't have a wide view , you ca n't understand and it may be a conflict . Second , today , t 's really complicated connected society so it 's really important to study several academic subjects . For example , if you are a doctor , you must know how new machines works too . If you know about the mechanism of human body , it 's meaningless . These days there are so many high tech machines or robots . So doctors need to know high level phisics too . Overall , I think we should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , as we can get wider view . Also , because a society is complicately connected .
(GER,high) According to the task to discuss wether travelling in a group led by a tour guide might be the best way to travel I would like to say that first of all it is one of the most comon ways of travelling . Especially Japanese are often seen travalling in a huge group . Me myself I like to travel alone and disagree because of that with that statement . When travel alone you are independent and you can make your plan by yourself . In big groups you have to do what everybody wants to do or if there is a tour guide what he planned . Most of the time there are no exceptions . Being alone also means that you get to no other people maybe native people , maybe other visitors . But on the other hand I like a mix of both like taking a tour guide for a day or travelling with others who are interested in seeing the same things or places . I already traveled alone by myself and it was the best experience I have ever made . Although I made trips with friends , groups or my family before I had never so much fun . If you come to a town were you do not know even one person I will have to talk to stragers . And besides I am shy I got to know many people which I would have never met if had been travelling in a group . I made trips with them , what explains that I do not disagree striktly with this statement . What I am sure about is that you learn much more about the country you go to , as if you had gone with a guided group , if you prepare yourself a little . Most of the times you can barely find a tour guide which is right qualified to tell you more fact , than if you had informed yourself by books . Some might say that this is not true , but I just talk according to the experience I made . `` But is not more safe if you travel in a group ? '' some might ask . I have the opinion that if you do not take to much risk and if you care a little for yourself , you will travel at least with the same safety . On the other hand groups of tourist are easier aims of terrorist attacks because the follow a strict plan and are easy to hit . But in general I just like to travel no matter how !
(TEL,medium) I completely agree on the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing the things they are already proficient at . There are many great scientists , politicians , poets who are considered very sucessful by our society . If they have not tried new ideas they would not have been so popular . For ex : If professor Einstein would not have thought of new theories in physics , we would'nt be studying the Einsteins law 's of energy today . Great discoveries only happen when the people take chance and risk . For ex : Columbus discovered America just by exploring new routes across the oceans . Many inventions like the Newton 's law 's of motion were discovered very accidentally , when Newton threw a apple into the sky and observed the outcome . Also for ex : Many live saving anti-cancer drugs would not have been in the market , if the pharmaceutical companies have not taken a chance and invested in them . Trying new things and taking calculated risks brings in technologies . For ex : i-pod is one good innovation of Apple . Every person who loves music carries an i-pod . Had the Apple industry been so apprehensive about the market of their new product without actually placing it in the market they would not have been so successful . Taking chances and trying innovative things improves the life and brings in enthusiasm in every person 's life . For ex : one of my friend has never tried hiking , I have encouraged her to come with me for hiking . She started to like hiking once she started doing it . To summarize , people should think creatively out of their shell and take risks which will improve their personality as a whole and which benefit the nation .
(ARA,medium) Cars are the best way of transprtation and its the most popular thing arround the world , and now a days the house without a car is nothing and that for its uncountable benefits , like shopping , travelling , etc ... , so that i think that cars will still existent for hundred of years . The world is getting civilized all the time and we are sure that there are many inventions will appear in the next twenty years but it will not be better than the care and it cant take the car 's place as the best way of transportation around the world an that for many reasons . In our communities we have poor and rich people but both of them can have a car because you can find expensive and cheap cars as you need , and if their any thing will replace the car , it will not be more suitable than the car for the people . Now a days car is evrything and without car you cant live because it helps you to reach any place and to do what ever you want to do and to travel and it also help as in the emergency situtations . In my opinion cars is agift from our god and if the inventors do what ever they do , they will not find any invention like the car or any invention to replace the car ,, becaue there isnt anything will be more comfortable for the hamanity than the car .
(CHI,medium) I 'm absolutely agree with that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Travel in a group can solve the problem of boring because you can talk to people who share the commom interests as you are . Furthermore , travel in a group will be more secure rather than travel alone especilly to those chaotic areas in the destination . And travel in a group led by a tour guide will reduce the rate of missing famous places and worth seeing sceneries . Because guide is a person know the place well and he know at which sesason , at what time , where is beautiful and he also can lead tourists to visit avoid the peak time which is very convient for tourists . Then , travel in a group can make a lot friends during the vacation and can enhance the relationships . OUr human beings are not isolated ones , we need to communicate . And in the modern society , whatever organizations or bussiness companies oe even universities all require people have the abilities to work or study as a group . I had an experience which was impressive . When I was a junior high school student , my teacher asked us to draw a pitcure which we though is the most beautiful one . So we began to draw seperately without disscusion . After a while , each students showed their pitcures which all presented very pale in meaning except one which combine the work of two students and which showed a more meaningful and more various color in it . Yes , the teacher wanted us to know sometimes work with our partner and shared both valuable things would attribute a amzing result which maybe could not predict . If travel in a group , we can exercise the ability to be more cooperative and willing to help each other which will make our society more colouful and more competitive in the long run . I highly recommend to travel in a gruop led by a tour guide .
(GER,high) I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . Cars come along with people . So I think the best way how to approach that topic is to startt with the population in 2026 . We will have to face dramatic population changes all over the world . While in Europe and the United States the population density will decrease , Asia and Africa will grow to an , till now , unbelieveable size . Talking about Africa and Asia , we talk about a mainly poor part of the world . Growing up in Europe and having had the chance to work in Asia extensively , I experienced first hand the fascination of cars on poor people . Having cars getting cheaper , and if you consider the latest products from China , it will not take long to have a big part of the Chinese changing from bicyle to car . India , that is following right after China will be next , followed by African countries etc . To actually reduce the number of cars , an environmental awarness has to take part . This already started to happen in Europe and the US and seeing the great increase of ZIP/Cars , car sharing and the efforts cities undertake to provide a convenient and reliable network for public transportation , we are just entering the right way . A recent survey from BMW makes clear that the number of cars in the US and Europe will pretty much stay the same , only the environmental performance of the car , like alternative fuel vehicles etc. will get better . In Asia and Africa this point is far down the road . First the desire for wealth , that mostly includes a car , needs to be satisfied . After going through the whole process of thinking about the environmental impact of cars on the world of our children , this may change to a `` better city , better life '' which is also the theme for the Expo 2010 in Shanghai . We only can hope that Asia surprises with the high speed to get on less cars as it does in the current high speed urbanism . You also need to question yourself where the old and worn out cars from Europe and the States go to . Not all end up at a junkyard . I remember that the old Volvo of my father has been sold by the car dealer to Namibia because there are no regulations and technical checks required by any authority . So in some way with our behaviour in the Western World we contribute to the increase of cars in the world . We only can hope that the postfossil time will bring alternate and more social ways of travelling and transportation and that one day we have to go to a museum to explain the word `` car '' to our grandchildren .
(ITA,medium) I believe this statement is true only in part . Youg people nowadays are involved in a variety of activities for their social and cultural development , that it is hard to find time to help the community . Schools take away the most part of the day and personal study takes away another big percentage . The rest of the day is used by young people to relax or to have fun . A critic reader might say that these aspects are secondary , but it is not totally true . In a culture where social pressure is so stressed and everybody has to reach high standards , the time used to relax , think , and have fun is foundamental . Young peolple of today are more stressed than young people of fifty years ago . I believe this is a basis that is hard to demolish . On the other side it is true that the time a person ( not only a young one ) sacrifices in order to help the comunity is a well spended time . Helping the community means , for young people , the possibilty to grow in a wide sense and , in particular , to start testing the world of work . These young people who help their communities are developping those skills that are essential later . There are still thousands and thousands of young people who are hard working for their communities not regarding of money . These people are part of the hidden world that the adults like to forget about when they wrtite their critic speeches about the passitivity of the new generation . I can assure that I know at least 20 boys and girls who everyday take care of the country , the society where they leave without a single world of gratitude by anybody . Those are the people of tomorrow , the people who will change the world in order to secure better conditions for the society .
(SPA,high) LEARNING IDEAS FOR UNDERSTANDING FACTS When students first start a course , they want to know what the methodology of the class is goin to be . Students are interested in knowing the curriculum and the course description . Once they know all of these details , the teacher helps them reach the proposed goals . Every course a student attends , exposes him/her to learn facts and to understand ideas and concepts . However , for students is more important understanding ideas and concepts than learning a certain fact . Nowadays , there is an approach to teaching pedagogy called learning for understanding . This approach , consists in acquiring knowledge through internalizing ideas and concepts . In other words , the learning for understanding approach , stands that once a student is able to understand a concept or and idea , he will easily learn the facts that support it . Although this approach is not directly exposed to the students , they unconsciously prefer to learn facts by understanding the concepts and ideas on which it is founded . A student , finds it more interesting to discuss , to explore or simply to inquire on a theme . Therefore , once they have a reason to research , they start to inquire . In this way , students are able to learn from details , conjectures , opinions , concepts and ideas to be capable to reach the facts that support the investigation . This is a kind of inductive method to acquire knowledge . It can be boring for a student to start with theoretical facts just to discover new ideas , because the student will be first exposed to a list of theoretical concepts that may demotivate his learning process . On the contrary , if the student is guided to an inquiry , he will be interested in questioning , exploring , debating and understanding facts . Finally , the process of learning should captures a students ' attention with any kind of motivation , and what really motivates students is to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn a list of facts . And this conclusion has to become a fact to keep in mind because this new approach can encourage teachers to change their pedagogic ass .
(GER,high) `` Everybody back to the bus please ! '' The voice of the tourguide was as distressing as the shrill sound of my alarm clock on a monday morning . We had had only five minutes to look at the exibited Apollo rocket , when we were called back this way , off to the next sight . The short drive was made unpleasant by the overly obese neighbor , who spilled into my seat and pressed me against the glass of the window . This is , how I remember my trip to Cape Caneveral in Florida on a guided tour , one of a group of 24 tourists . Not an enjoyable memory . Some people like to travel that way . I think that traveling in a group led by a guide is almost a guarantee for a regrettable experience . First of all , you have to do what the guide tells you . The plans were made under consideration of the special logistics and economics that a group brings with it , by people you do n't know . On a trip to spain I took with a group , I was not able to visit a church I had read about and which interested me . Instead I had to go to a so-called `` spanish evening '' ( in spain ! ) to see mediocre flamenco dance and eat less-than-great paella . Then , of course , you are constrained by the time table that was set for the group . You can not linger around a sight that fascinates you . No , you have to rush off , in order to check off another item the agenda . A friend of mine told me how he was rushed through the Tower of London by his tour guide , although he really wanted to spend more time there to connect with the circumstances of the prisoners which were once held there . And , above all , you do n't chose your travel companions . The behaviour of other group members is sometimes the straw that breaks the camels back . The perfect example herefor is maybe the movie `` Trains , plains and automobiles '' . All this should make it clear , that it is better to travel with people one knows and likes . And to make one own 's plans .
(JPN,medium) I disagree that succesful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know . Because tring new things are very diffcult . If people get a lot of money from success something , they should n't try new things . They should expand a job which same category from befor they successed . First , I would like talk about why it is difficult that people who sucsessed own job try a new job which they do n't have any skills and knowledge about it . I think if autally diffarent category job , people who try to new category 's job need much time to make a base . Now , our world was developed with technology , so speed is very important for work . If takes a much time , it might br bad effect . Second , It 's difficult to paticipate new category 's job , because there are many companies already . Of course , thoses companies have had better skills . Thay also have good relationship each companies even though they are enemies . For example . my friend eho has a own company which is IT successed on his job , but after that , he build a new compane which is model production . He lost his money . Because he did n't know the relationship about other companies , so other company hit his company . Thereforer , I disagree that succcesful people try new things and take risks rather than doimg waht they already know .
(TUR,high) If this question has been asked approximately 30 years ago , probably the answer would be specialisation . Nevertheless the world system has being sharply changing after the technological enhancements ; so , the kind of having information . Now , I believe that , having a wider academic information is more valuable that just concentrating on one , because of globalisation , optimisation . The first reason I believe in this manner is , the wide spreading concept of being a '' global '' person . After the enhancements of the communications technologies all over the world , owning information had become so important . That is why every individual company tried to have as much knowledge as it can . As a result of this everyone has begun to have at least some information about every issue . If you are so stubborn not to join this trend you may not be a social individual in todays life . Thus , instead of specialising for a subject , having a framework for several kinds subjects is a more valid in todays world . Apart from this social point of view , broad knowledge of information is extremely significant for optimisation of ongoing jobs . Since all of the tasks takin place in our world has several varialbles in it ; altering the way the work goes on . For a better optimisation - even for approximation - you have to have knowledge from variety of branches . The paragon is industrial enginners . This enginner type is not concentrating on a specific kind of engineerin , even those people get courses from managemant and economics as their core studies . As a consequence of this , they have the opportunity of having a wider perspective for optimisation on going works . Besides , having broad knowledge of several academic subjects may yield to unexpected outcomes such as deficiency of required knowledge or overexagiration of the known infomation . This insufficient information , may lead to false results for a work . For instance , if you really want to work for an enhancement of product , or a new innovation , you may come to a mistaken product , which in return may mean , waste of money and a lot of time . Overexagiration of knowledge unconciously may also lead to same conclusion . To sum up as I consider all of these three results , I come to a conclusion that haing a wider academic information accumulation is better compared to specialisation on a topic . However , people should be aware of the danger of overexagiration and deficiency of knowledge .
(CHI,medium) With the recent rapid economic development , the pace of life becoming faster and faster . Consequently , few people nowadays think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts . On the other hand , there are still people think that the facts is more important for student to learn . In my point of view , i think to learn facts is more important than the others , which means i disagree with the topices And I will list my reasons as follows . First , the most benefit of learn facts . is that people are living in the world all fill with facts . Both commonsens and our experience have informed us that the more facts we have learned , the stranger we are . For instance . A student who works in a compeny for a summer job . he usually get lost of solutions of many different problems from his work . Nevertheless , under some circumstance , if the student just study a lots in college and learns how to understand the ideas and the consepts he will just solve problem as what he learn from the ideas and consept he got in college and some people may feel they are week . It should be potantially harfuml or at least unprodictable , in his carrea . Sencondly , an arguement can be present my idea is that every people have to learn facts in theri lifes . It is obvious that people even can live without learn some ideas and consepts . A good example can give some lights to this point . the old man always tell his young the fact that he has learn , which means that the facts is more important for the young and for the student . However , to the contraries , nowadays we can see that lots of university student more difficult to get the jod than the college students just because colleges consider facts are importantfor students to learned . In conclusion , after the advantages and disadvantages weighed , and the biase opinion cast away , it is not difficult to say that it is more important for students to learn facts than understand ideas and consepts .
(TUR,medium) Nowadays people use cars for transportation so much . But this makes the rush traffic and stress in our life day by day . We have to find solutions to solve this traffic problems such as public transportations , airways and underground transportations . This solutions such cause the cars will be more less than there are today . First of all , in twenty years people want to avoid from the traffic problems . In fact , they dont want to be a part of a rush traffic because of not willing to be stressful . Because of this they want to use public transportations such as buses , trains , metros , ships for transporting . So this will help them to avoid traffic and spare more time in their life . Secondly the airways will cause the decrease in the number of cars in twenty years . In the future depending on a technological investments people will use airways instead of cars . Because the airways provide us to transport more quickly than cars from one city to another city , also , from one continent to another continent . The other effects of airways in decrasing the number of cars are safety and comfortable travelling . People will wants to safer and more comfortable travelling in twenty years , so that , aircrafts will provide them to the people . The third reason of decrasing in the number of cars will be the underground transportations . Airways are the fastest and the most comfortable way to transportation , however people can not use this type of transportation everytime . For example , when people need to travel in short distances they can only use helicopters as an airway which can be so expensive in short travel distances . But in this situation people will not need cars and public transportations also when they want to travel more quickly . I think in twenty years they will use underground transportation for short distance travelling . In contrast of using cars underground transportation provide them more quickly and safer transportation . In conclusion the car numbers decrease because of these three reasons .
(SPA,medium) The realm of ages bettween people have always fascinated me . Thinking on how and when we enjoy life is interestign and difficult too . I do not agree young people enjoy life more than older people do . For as long as a remember , I used to enjoy life when I was fourteen the same way I do now . I mean , the years pass by , and time goes on , but we still being enjoing it in different ways . Must of this depens on how we see life and what are we expecting four it . For example some weeks ago , I was talking with my grandfather about his early years in college . He told about his affairs and adventures during that time , but later the talk came deep and he talked me about his present . He told me about how his fighting against cancer , and how tha make him feel , how hard he is triying to keep waking up each day . I was hearing him , not feeling comfotableand with the situation and intrigated with his future . But suddenly , he reach my hand and told me how fascinated he was with bad times too . He told me how bad situations can help us enjoy good ones , son every partor age is enjoylable . Today , after that talk with the old man , I knew we all enjoy life the same way , even we are younguer or older . All depends on how we aprroach to it and built it . So , finally I just can say that im hoping to know tomorrow , how was that I enjoyed life in all different ways . And keep specting the good things and the bad things to happen for me and the others , but taking them a the best way I could .
(GER,medium) Do most advertisements make products seem much better than the really are ? As a source of information I first want to analyse the purpose of advertisement . Another good way to find an answer obviously is to examine some examples , which will follow . Much money is spend on advertisement . The simple purpose is to increase the ammount of sold products . The most simple way to do so would be to show the product in the best light . Weaknesses will not find their way in an advertisement . Therefore the product should seem very good , which in average will be much better than it really is . Let us find out if advertisement takes this way of promoting goods . One of the most succesfull products of the last years is the iPod , a portable music player . With the succes came a lot of advertisement . The printing campaign simply shows the outline of a figure in black with a white iPod . As the photo gives a fair impression how the product really looks like and there is hardly writte anything on it , we can not pretend that the product seems much better than it really is . Take an advertisement of a watch . An important manufactor advertises with a sailing picture . There is only little information about the watch , concluding that it fits perfectly for sailing . Again there is not so much written about the product that we could say it was made better than it is . Although there is some advertisement showing a product in the best light , most advertisement seems to work differently . It is not the product , which is sold , it is the brand , the lifestyle , the image . And therefore something invisible is added to the product , which makes it seem much DIFFERENT than it really is .
(CHI,high) The issue in hand is about the ideas and concept understaing or facts learing . This issue is improtant because it can diectly affect the result of what the student learns . I believe that the understandinf of the ideas and concepts is the better opinion since it can make it easlier for students to learn . The first reason that I choose understanding of the ideas nad concepts because it is the easiler way of memory . Unike remebering the facts , the uderstanding of the ideas and concepts is a lot easlier to transfer into long term memory . Thus , it is able for student to remeber much longer . Base on the easlier way of memory , I believe that the understanding of the ideas and concepts is a better opinion than the other . The stable foundation of the studies is the second reason that i choosse the understanding of ideas and concepts . A deep understanding of the idea and concepts is similar to a building which has a stable foundation . Only and only if the foundation of the building is strong enough , it is able to build up higher and higher . Since the stable foundation of the studies , the understanding of ideas and concpets is better choice . Finally , the abilities of flexible use make me choose the understanding of the ideas and concepts rather than the other . The remebering the facts is just a remembering , it will not allow to create something new . However , unlike the remembering facts , a deep understanding of ideas and concepts not only allows the students to create something new , but also provide the abilities to use it in any area . Thus , I belieive that the understanding of the ideas and concepts is a better opinion . In conclusion , I believe that the understanding of the ideas and concepts is a better opinion rather than the other . It is because of the easlier way of memory , the stable foundation of the studies and the abilities of flexible use .
(ITA,high) Even though sometimes , in particular when travelling for a short amount of time , being in an organized group with a guide can be more effective , I generally prefer to travel on my own . The main reason why I like travelling is the fact that it provides an opportunity to be close to very different people , learn a language and eat new , unusual food . In summary , to experience a different culture . When you travel in a group , you often end up with people from your country , who speak your language and want to eat known food , in known places . Also , tour guides generally focus on the typical tourist attractions , because that 's what most people are interested in . This is almost the exact opposite of what I am looking for when I travel . I like to read books about my destination before I travel , so that by the time I am there , I already have a rough mental plan of what I would like to see . Doing so offers much more flexibility than traveling in a group . You can choose exactly where to go and when , regardless of what the majority considers interesting . Some people like to visit churches , others museums or even shopping malls . When you travel in a group you almost always have to find a compromise and rarely end up being completely satisfied . My dream vacation includes plenty of time to wander the streets of a new city , without the help of someone who already knows the place . I like to get lost in interesting streets , to try to interact with local people and to see how they walk , shop and talk in their own country . Even when I am not fluent in the local language , I always do my best to use as many words and expressions as possible . I find it much more satisfying , than just using English or Italian , my mother tongue . Based on my experience , I also believe that people react much better when they see that you are travelling on your own and that you respect their culture and try to blend in , instead of being in a large group , looking at them through the reassuring cultural lens of a guide , as if they were exotic animals in a zoo .
(TUR,medium) Today we are living in a time that the people always wants to be succesful in their job . But here the discussion is that : What do I have to do for being succesful ? Can I be succesful by getting experience by doing the same work for many years or would I have to try something new and change my style ? Some people prefers doing their job in the same style that they have been always doing before . They are not changing their styles so with every passing months and years , they are becoming more and more professional . They are so sure for their work and they are feeling so comfortable . But on the other hand their capacity is becoming too limited , so it is becoming harder for them to be creative in their jobs . So with the repetation of their jobs , if he has not been succesful before , it is becoming less possible for him to be succesful . So what other type of people we have here ? Well there is a type who can take risks and try new things in their life . For some people it is not enough to be capable of doing one job . Yes you are doing your job ok , getting your salary and everything is going quite well . But there is always ( or at least there have to be ) new thoughts in your mind . You have to bring them to life or at least give them a chance . After this period you have to risk your life , because miracles only come into life by taking risks . In today 's world mostly people who is taking risks becomes succesful . You have to try something that nobody has seen and tried , Unless you would be an ordinary working man like most of the others . Yes it is possible to lose lots of things and fail by taking risks , but people mostly learn from their failures , not from their successions . So with every failure you give it another chance and after a while you get so many experiences by this behaviour . And yes in life every experience leads to the world of succession . At the end I could say that yes its too risky to change your style and start something new , and yes you can even fail and lose lots of things , but what else can give you the feeling of being proud of yourself when you do something new that only a few people can do . Be proud of yourself ...
(HIN,high) I agree with the view that in future there will be fewer cars than there are now . On the one hand , the cars are one of the most convenient mode of transportation and also the most popular one . On the other hand , the factors such as growth in population , scarcity of land and concentration of population in the urban centers indicates towards a future situation where we might actually see a reduction of cars in future . In the final analysis , there are more and stronger indications for decrease in the number of cars in future . First , due to the rising population and overcrowding in the cities , it has become extremely difficult to travel in cars as there are frequent traffic jams and lack of parking space . The other modes of transportation such as buses and trains are more convenient and faster . Further , since most of the cars are owned by people in cities the number of cars will decerases due to the above factors in the coming times . Second , the problem of pollution and overcrowding in the cities due to the increase in the number of cars have forced governments in countries like Singapore impose high taxes on purchase of vehicles . They have also imposed toll charges for entering in the main city areas . Thus , the government regulations can also discourage people from purchasing more cars and this will contribute to an overall reduction of cars in future . Third , the probelm of the scarcity of non-renewable fuels is pushing up the fuel prices everyday , making it more and more difficult to travel in cars . It has already led to the increase in popularity of the cheaper public transportation , this has been the case with trains in Mumbai ( India ) , where many people who used to travel in cars have shifted to travelling in trains and for these people new air conditioned trains have also been started . Finally , the development of the alternative means of transportations like improved buse service , better network of trains , etc can again lead to a reduction in the number of cars purchased by people and contribute to a reduction of the total number of cars in times to come . Thus , for the reasons given above I believe that in future cars will be fewer in number than they are now .
(SPA,medium) Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they are already know how to do well . That is , the exploratory spirit of the human being make it easy to success in their common life . First , usually successful people attract more succesful people . For example , these people can know their new boss or their new employee by taking a cup of coffe with their friends . That is , this meeting provide them the opportunity to take the risk of a new job and this kind of people , not terrified by the fault , will take the chance to prove and normally , they are going to win , the people tell that they are lucky person . It is said that successful people meet succesful people , it is true that it provides them the opportunity of new challenges , but also , they take the chance . Second , two important motors of human beings ' behaviour are motivation and emotion . These people are really motivated to get new experiences , learnings and knowledge . And even , this behaviour make them pleasure by increasing some chemichal substances in their brain . For example , taking new risks , such as changing the location of living , taking a new job and meeting new colleagues are really activities that pleasure them . They are moved by their motivation and emotion in order to reach their goals and to become satisfy with them and their environment . Finally , I think that success in the life , that is , reach their goals , to be satisfy with theirselves can be got by trying new things and taking new risks . These actions enlarge a person knowledge and information increases the critical perception of the world . the people they try new things and take risks to become a successful person . Successful people try new experiences . And this actions make the people access to new knowledge and increase his own knowledge and perception of the world .
(TEL,medium) According to my opinion it is better to have a broad knowledge of many acadamic subjects rather than to specialize in a specific subject . I will express my opinion by taking an example of an engineer who is opting for electronics as his major . In his four years of study he will be explained basics about all the subjects like maths , physics , chemistry , c and data structures and some other computer subjects and later on going to the higher classes he will be explained about the complete depth of the electronics . Many people who are opting electronics as major , settled in software companies like sathyam , wipro just because of thier knowledge in computers . Even though they opted electronics as thier major . Today world is becoming very competetive in every aspect so in order to cop up with a world like this a man should have a broad knowledge on any subject . Suppose in a company a problem occured in the computer that all accounts list are blocked which are very important to company that day to plan the rest of the day how the products are to be produced then we need a computer professional for it who is on leave that day . So the electronics employee who is working in that company , having basic knowledge about a computer can rectify the problem easily . So by this the company go on its work without any interuption . So its better to have sound knowledge on what ever we studied in our academic years by simply not neglecting the other subjects thinking that it is not our subject we can leave it because our major subject is other one . By the sound knowledge on any subject we can be advantageous in any field and also where ever we go .
(GER,medium) One of the famous social institution amnesty international has more members than ever before and the interesting thing about their members is that are more young people than adults which seems to negate the common sense that young people are egoists and prefer to do more for themselfes than for other people . The important and connecting fact on this diverse thesis is that there are more young people which are social engaged , usually work for different organisations , but also tries to look for their own interest and career . There are a lot of pupils and students who work during their free time for non-porfit institutions like places where homeless people can food , clothes or a place to stay during the cold time . And also there are many students who chose their subjects on the university in social areas like medicine or law to help other people . But the important distinct of now and the past is that the young people do not go to demonstration or show their politiacal understanding in the society like their parents twenty years ago . The young adults combine their modern life with own car and expensive clothes with social engagement . But in fact , there a few students who do not care about other people . but this fact depends on the way they are treated by their parents and they society they live in. to show social responsibility is something which must be learned . As far as I am concerned most of the young people try to show social responsibility and engagement for their community . they try to help their society with every little step they can do .
(TUR,medium) The way of doing academic researches is always developing and dividing into new branches throughout many years . As scientific and technologic innovation develops very fast , things to be researched are getting more complex and hard . Due to this , academic subjects are increasing and their context are complicated . In my opinion , specializing in one specific subject is better than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects for several reasons . First of all , by specializing in one academic topic you have the opportunity to discover new things in science . When you are interested in a specified topic deeply , it is possible to consider the details carefully . For instance , human genome project is divided into several groups and every scientific group researches a detailed part of the project . By doing this , they can rapidly get results and combine them . Secondly , working with specific subjects gives you the chance of developing new scientific groups and working in coordination . Research groups have the opportunity to study properly and organized . If one scientist have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , he can not afford to concern with all problems and fails . Consequently , specializing in one subject for academic researches is important to the development of science and technological innovation . As we share the problems , we will be succesful quickly .
(TUR,high) Humankind always need knowledge to reach goodlife standarts . Therefore knowledge is a very important aspect of a person 's life . There are different point of views about the types of knowledges what people should have . Firstly some people think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . In contrary to those some think that specializing in one specific subject is better . I personally agree with the first idea depending on three reasons . First of all , person with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects would have more job opportunities than a person who is specified in one subject . Secondly , I think that people should be aware of what is going on in the world for being an intellectual person . The last , but not least , if someone wants to have a deep , rich conversation he should be able to know about a lot information about the life . First of all , a person with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects would have more job opportunities than a person who is specified in one subject . For example you are a businessman and you manage a business . If you want to hire a employee to your marketing department and you have two choices . First one is a guy with specific and exact information about marketing sector and there is other choice , he knows about both marketing and computer as well as communication . Which one would you prefer ? Secondly , i think that people should be aware of what is going on in the world wide on the way of being an intelligence person . Therefore we could have much opportunities of communicating , applying any kind of job , being speakable and etc . The last , but not least , if someone wants to have a deep , rich and wide conversation that person should be able to know about a lot of information about the enviroment , life and the world wide . Therefore he could have many topics to talk on does not matter who he wants to speak . If he gets with a dentist he should be able to know about the teeth , like brushing it , caring it or how to fix if you have a problem about it . Therefore the person would have many friends and be much more attractive to the people in his enviroment All in all , as I said before people should have broad knowledge of many academic subject for both having more opportunities for jobs and being an intelligence person as well as getting more friends and being able to have a conversation with anyone he likes to . As I mentioned above I am trying to improve myself in every topic that I could be able to gain information about it . By doing this I am believing that I could reach goodlife standarts and have much more friends . Therefore I will always try to improve myself in every topic that I could get to know of .
(FRE,medium) I remember an TV-ad about some kind of perfume which , once applied on your body , could bring you all the beautiful girls or boys that you may have dreamed of . I bought it and I can assure you that it does not work ! Maybe I was abused by the advertising but for sure , but in my view the advertisement tends to overstate the main features of a product , and I will give the main reasons for that . First , the main goal of an advertisement - and it is also the aim of marketing - is to promote a good or a service in order to increase its sales . As a consequence , the presentation of the product could not be fair in a sense . Indeed , I am quite certain that if a TV-ad shows the weakness of a good or service , in order to be partial , this good or service would be as appealing as the same presented by an ad which shows only the good aspects of it . Second , advertisement tends to reach the imaginary part of our person to increase the attractiveness of products . By doing so , consumers are dreaming about such products and idolize them . For instance , you may have the strong desire to buy a luxury car because you have seen it on the TV and it was shown in an ideal place . Or you want to book your holidays in a pleasant place because you find the photographs you have seen very beautiful . But in fact the real situation could be , at least , normal . As a conclusion , I do think that the advertisement does not provide a fair image of the products it supports . But it is worthwhile to mention that it depends on our own mind to distinguish between what it is true or not .
(HIN,medium) I agree with the statement that the sucessfull people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . This is the human nature to find new ways of life . His intentions are to increase the more and more knowledge and learn more skills . Right from the evolution of the humanity , they are inventing the new things and bringing the best metods to improve the life . It is only due to the risk taking ability that we are in the age of the modern technologies . If no one took risks in the life there will be nothing now . You can not say that the new technologies are available without risks . In this era , we can'nt think without the electricity , aeroplane , satalites and the medical facilities . All these facilities are achieved by taking life risks . There are sevral stories of the successful persons who achieved all with thier risk taking ability . For example the Right Brothers who invented the aeroplane . They become the inventors by taking the risks . As people say `` satisfaction is death '' . This means that we have to find the new ways of life . We should not stagnate with the old methods and skills . We have improve them or change them . We can achieve every thing . Nothing is impossible in this world . Peoples are trying to find new horizons in the life . For example now they are trying to find the new planet to live . Human is different due to his brain power fropm other animals and with this power he eliminates the impossible word from his life All in all , to get the new things you have to take the risk . This is the human naure to take the risks and find new paths which can lead him to the new heights .
(HIN,high) I do agree with the statement that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . This I concluded from my own personal experience , and the personal experiences of my relatives and friends . I have , on several occassion , actually purchased , a whole range of products , like lipstick , soaps , detergents , clothes , etc , after having seen them being advertised on TV . But on most occasions , I was not happy with the product in hand , they simply did not match the quality that they claimed in the advertisement . In a leading brand shampoo advertisement , for example , It was claimed , that the regular use of the shampoo for a months time , would lead to the complete dissapearance of dandruff . Believing this claim , I bought the shampoo for my self , and used it as advised . But the results , were very un satisfactory , after its use not only did the dandruff problem continue to persist , it had in fact much worse than what it was before it 's use . Similarly , a leading health drink brand , in its advertisement claimed that , this was , by far the best health drink availble in the market , and it tastes much better than any other brand . Falling pray to their claim , I changed my brand of health drink . I purchased this , Instead of the one that I had been using for a long time . To my surprise , I found almost no differece between the two brands , not only this , there was no added health advantage I recieved form the usage of this brand , which I did not recieve from the usage of the earlier one . My relatives , friends , and many of you as well will have similar experiences to recount . Indeed advertisements make tall claims about the products , and they have ways to make their products look much better than they actually are . For example , let us talk about a leading brand energy bar advertisement . In this add they show a well built athlete , on the race track , sand claim that we can be like him we use the energy bar . But some thinking will tell us , that there is nio way of guessing how the athlete got his health . A sneak into the athleats personal life will tell us that . Not the add Advertisement , should not be belived , they are there to sell products , and to do that they can go to any extent to make thir product look better than those of their competitors . As a result of which most end up making tall claims about the product and make the consumer buy these . After susequent use the consumer realises the product is not as good as it was claimed in the advert
(TEL,medium) Accoding to the adage `` IN THE MIDDLE OF RISK 'S THERE WILL BE A SUCCESS '' success ful people will try new things and take risks . When we call a person is successful ? If a person achieves his goals , tagets , destity by overcomming all the problems , risks , difficulties that he had face then we call that person as a successful person . Trying new things is the common characteristic of a successful person . As an instance Mahatma Gandhi who is called Father of the nation is a big successfull man . He is the person who achieved his goal of getting independence for country between lot of risks . one will be surprised by knowing him how he faught for the country . He had done many new things during the freedom fight for the country . Another instance is Mr.Murthy who is the founder of company `` infosys '' he is the successful person who achieved his goal of establishing the multinational company , which had changed the structure of the indian market , and had given chance to evolve the computer industry in india . with out doing any risks , or with out trying any new things he would not achieved this status . success is always with risks , if any one who wants to get success in life he should definitely do some kind of risk . In the modren world we are having many sophiticated technology which would not happen with out doing any risk . Innovation is another key for the success . trying new things will give the person a chance to open in that field and create a new thing which can change the life . By trying new things one can experince a lot more in the life and also will become forerunner for others . we all achieved this modren world by trying new things for instance advent of INTERNET had changed the world , i think no one would not expected this drastic change because of the INTERNET . Finally , In my opinion successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
(ITA,medium) The world changes very fast . The people change with the world and they have to adapt them in the society on the best way . Young people nowadays have different task to do from the people who were young in the past . Today the life is very frenetic and a huge number of the actions and activities are really different respect 20 years ago . A young person have to go to Collage or University , maybe he have to work if he wants to pay his study or others activities . The free time is not a lot so , when a student is free , he use to go out with his friends and to think about the enjoy activities like to go to disco or listening to music . Someone can think that it is selfish but I am sure that a young person must have a leasure time . However the time can be spent for the communities . It 's quite true that a lot of young people do n't like help their communities . The young newadays people are not all lazy . I can explane this point by a clear example . Last week I went to a rock party which was organized by one of my best friends . He worked a lot becouse this event was wonderful , but he did it with others guys . The party was a music competition . The people were a lot and everyone was very happy because the players were fantastic and the organization too . In conclusion I think that today young people are different from the young people in the past so a comparison is not so easy . The free time is less and the things to do are more . The young people mistake is to think that to do something for the communities is bored . Fortunately there are some people who think different !
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the statement . I think in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today . The new technology has been developted and will be in very high speed and in very varied way that people use the cars more in their life . The cars does n't mean not only tools of movement for people any longer but their important partners . You may have used the cars for commuting your office in every weekday or going out to visit the new places with your family or going to shopping with your friends . And the techology showed the answers to our nees in many scene of them . And now you have some benefit of the new techology , for example , the navigation system shows the situationof traffic jam or short cut on your way to work . You are not afraid of the new roard which you never have visited before because you can have more information or the right place where you want to arrive at . You may do n't have to open the door of your key when you 're bring many stuffs from your shopping if you have an intellegent key ( called `` keyless entry '' ) . People can feel the convenience with cars more and that will a essential part of our lives . Sometimes we have heard the negative aspects of cars . for example , car accidents or the influence on the environment . I think the new techonoly can also slove some of the problems , the automatic driving system or the sense that can find out the distance between the cars or internal camera on the cars can help reducing the rates of accidents in the future . And the study about Hybrid cars or new furuel must be more increased in many countries with their own nature resources . In twenty years , People use the cars more in their life in more safely and convenietely
(CHI,medium) I have to say that I agree with this statement which is it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specialize in one specific subject . Although these subjects are acdemic and you just know broad knowledge of them , it must be reather helpful for your living and creer . For example , you are a sudent whose major is Electronic Enginereen moreover you also know some contents about Accounting or Finance , in this case you have had potential power to own your business in the future because your knowledge is not limited by on specifialize . Through these more kowledge from other subjects you extend your mental world and then naturally colourful your life . The people who are appear around you must have kinds of job that focused on variety of subjects . When you guys are conmmunicating with each other , just imagine that both of you are unfamiliar with each other 's job background or even both of you are just interested in and just know narrow region about what you twos speciallize . How this talk can continue and I can think about how boring this talk will be . Therefor , I can conclue that if you know broad knowledge of many . I subjects
(TEL,medium) In our growing day by day population we are inventing science and technology in a new manner whch are very usefull to our day to day life . Peope are very eager to know the new technology and are willing to use them . Firstly , one of the main oucoming is the technology used in cars and people are very anxious to know and drive the latest models of cars in day to day life . I don t agree with the authors statement that In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , because people are owning it as a prestigious matter . Secondly , the main reason for not agreeing with the authors point is that car manufaturing companys are making new cars with new technology and new systems which give more comfort and pleasure for thier costomers to use thier products . Most people have a dream of owning a car . Excluding rich people people who live in rural areas feel very proud of themselves of owning a car , most of them use the cars to go thier offices . Thirdly , i want to say that the author must have come to this decision that ther will be a fewer cars in future is that he must have done his survey in a deserty area or in a remote area where there is no proper business or where there is connection of that place with the outside city like border areas where there is a strict prohibition of cars . There are many advantages by owning a car are we can go where ever we want where no type of communication provided by the goverment resourses , we can use the car when we want to go for a party with our family , friends , relatives , etc . Finally i want to say that in our world the people are willing to use the new technology used in cars for many purposes . and we will see more cars in our future than which are present today
(TEL,medium) Usage of cars were so increased now a days when compared to the past . For getting luxurious life , for convinience , to feel proud to have four wheeler instead of two wheeler in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today . We are in a developing country . Everyday needs were so increasing . In order to done our work in a quicker manner we have to save the time . Because time is more valuable , in order to save the time by doing work in a quicker manner people prefer to go on four wheelers i.e. , by cars instead of two wheelers . By driving on four wheelers we can go very fast when compared to driving on two wheelers . Rich people always want to live in a luxurious manner . They fell that pursuing of car and riding by car is so proud . They feel that it is an indication to their rich position in society . They feel guilty if they have no car . When compared to past , at present cars were so many . Many people have cars . At present lot of driving schools were there in our cities when compared to past . Pursuing of cars were increasing enoromously . Irrespective of their economic condition lot of people want to purchase cars in order to get luxury . Technology is developing very rapidly . Cars prices were decreasing so much when compared to previous prices . After twenty years there would be definite more fall in the car prices when compared to today 's prices . With respect to price also there will be more cars in use than were today . By going on cars we can reach our destination in a quicker manner , in a more comfortable manner regarding seating and we can reach to our places with only our family members or with whomever we like . So for getting luxurious life , for feeling of enjoyment , reduction in prices , technological improvement , in order to save the time while going to our destinations in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today . So , i will not agree with the statement , `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
(KOR,medium) It is often said that percent of using cars will be decreased with in twenty years than now . Some people might agree with this statement because they think that there will be new transfortation which will replace cars . However , I firmly believe that using car population will go up in the near future . This is because there are more people who want to buy a car due to develop economy and the tecnology of transper combience such as road will also develop . First of all , as far as I am concerned , a large number of people want to buy car because of breaktrough of economy . In other words , there will be more people who afford to pay buying car . It is commonly observed that economy became go up as time goes by . For example , in the past , there are a few people who can buy car because it is extreamly expensive to buy . However , as econmy have developed , many people can have atomobile . This is because , the cost of cars have been decreased and people richer relatively than before . Therefore , I think that people who will have car will be increase . In addition , tecnology of transpertation infra will also develop with in twenty years . What I am trying to say is that it will be helful to people who want to use car . For instance , many infra 's development such as high ways and local roads and solving the problems such as car accidents will give benefit to a great number of divers . So , from my persective , People who usually used other transfertation due to these problems will use more cars . Finally , car drivers will soar . In conclusion , there are two main reasons why I think that using car population will incrase . It is not only because there will exist more rich people who can buy car owing to economy boom , but also technology which related wiht car industry will develop .
(ITA,medium) Basically I agree with the statement but there are also many cases that demostrates that I could possibly be wrong . I think it ^ s true that successful people always try to do new things , but I also think that a successful man is a man who makes his thing well . Maybe trying new things could be a reason of a success but I don ^ t think that trying new different thing causes directly a success . Surely being able to do various thing or types of works it ^ s a great gift . In the past many groups of people has had the need of adapting on the works they need to do to survive . For example a man which escapes from fallen down airplane and finds himself in a desert island has the need to adapt himself to do various types of works ( like finding food or building a home to repair himself from rain ) instead of survive . If he reaches his objectives he is surely a successful man . A man that only does specific kind of things that he knows well could be a successful person in the same way as the one which always tryies new things . The positive thing about making only what you already know is that maybe you could make it better . Probably a man who tryies always different things could not execute those things very well in the first time . A man that does what he knows well can surely offer a more quality and specified product . For example a baker that makes bread from twenty years can surely sell me better bread than a maths teacher that does the baker from only one week . In conclusion I think that success is not related to the risks token or the ability to try new things , but it is related to the ability on doing things well .
(TEL,medium) I do agree with statement i.e successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . Iam of the opinion that because of there are several reasons and example , to support my opinion . Man is a gregarious person and greedy person man has no satis faction with his already achievements . He is raedy to take risks and pains to invent new things . For example in early stages scientists are invented bycycle , and then invented automobiles , planes etc . There is no end for invention , because technology has developed day by day . Great people are always thinking and thinking they are always look for some progress . Compared to olden days now technologyhad developed more . Great people are think there is no end for success , it is going on going on there is no end . If there is end no meaning , because great people are searching for better to best now days population are increasing like temperature increases , if there is no place for humanbeings on land people can live on moon also . So i strongly support the statement , people want changes in life it will be help ful to better living . If great people are also thinking like this . They have no rest , if they are taken rest there is no further improvement in our lives .
(HIN,high) its always good to have broad knowledge of many subjects as this is going to help the individual to deal with a variety of situations . one can always increase his or her knowledge by going through a variety of topics , so that he/she should not be naive to a particular topic . one can always improve on the basis of knowledge by going through the topic in a detailed way . as it does n't hurt to try things in many fields of life . its always good to know about various aspects of life similarly its always good to have knowledge about various academic fields thats why we have all the subjects when we are in junior classes but as we grow the subjects However , i strongly believe that one should specialize in one particular subject . but its also better to have an indepth knowledge of a particular subject , one can be a master of a particular topic as that is going to help oneself professionally . success depends on indepth knowledge and skills and with knowledge one can be master of one 's own destiny . its always important to apply knowledge in one particular direction . the second step to specialization is updation . one should always keep a track on the current events on his/her field of interest . say forexample a Pharmacist should know about all the medicines that he/she is dispensing . It is an additional advantage for him to have knowledge about the disease but he should not afford to not to have in depth knowledge about medicine as itsgoing to cost a patient his / her life . And its his/her responsibility to guide a patient about all the medicine . Aquiring knowledge about new fields is always good but not at the cost of one 's own field of specialization . But its always discouraged to be `` Jack of all and master of none ''
(CHI,medium) There are many ways that the topic of the better way to gain knowledge can be approached . Some people think that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better , while others do not . I have my point of view as well . There are two reasons why I am in favor of having broad knowledge . A key reason underlying my choice is that if we study broadly , we can be more competitive in the future . Take my brother , for example . While he was studying during university , he decided to have English teaching for his minor . Although he lost a lot of time hanging out with friends , he got more choices when he graduated from the university . Moreover , because of his ability of English speaking and his major , marketing , he got promoted quickly . Such an example shows that studying broadly can help us become more competitive . Another important reason why I choose studying broadly is that sometimes , we wo n't be so sure about what we are going to do in the future . If we studying broadly , we can find out our real interests from all these subjects and choose the one we want . Take my father , for example . When he was in college , he majored in History . As a matter of fact , It would be hard to find a job except being a teacher . Unfortunately , my father does n't like to teach at all . However , he took more classes in other departments , and try to choose one subject that he really likes . Finally , he choosed Chinese and he became an editor in a big newspaper company in my country . Without broad knowledge , my father may not be such successful today . Of course , there is an argument to be made for other posotions . Nevertheless , I think the reasons that I have presented are stronger .
(KOR,medium) Have you ever hope that you want be 10 years younger or more ? These days many people want to be young because when they think are too old , so they can not do many things . Consequently , I agree with the statement . young people enjoy life more than older people do . Making mistake does not acceptable to adults . For example , if a person spread water on the carpet . If the person was a young person , people will understand and say `` you did this because you are young . '' However , if the person was adult , people will think the person in a bad way such as , weird or selfish . Consequently , to do something or go to somewhere is much careful to adults . And yet , mostly , people feel fun when they are in the different place or situation . Therefore , to adult it is difficult to plan out . For that reason adult have so much experience , it is easy to feel fear . When I was young my mother the rice cake was chuck in her throat . Accordingly , she can not eat any rice cake until now . Also she does not try to eat any rice cake even thought it tastes so good . However , when she sees any kinds of rice cakes , she said it reminds her the time . Consequently , to her it is really hard to try . On the account of older people are old , they have to think their health and it is really hard to be fine after they got an accident . My father went to golf last month and he felt down on the ground . Then all people thought it will be alright and did not think seriously about it . However , he felt pain too much and he is still have the pain now . Consequently , he could not go to golf for a month although he loves to golfing . In conclusion , the adult can enjoy their life , but the young people have more chances and for that reason they are young it is easier to do something without thinking . Also , people have desire to be younger because they miss their past and regret what they did . This means they already did many thing and enjoyed it . Consequently , they would give advices to younger people rather than enjoy their life .
(JPN,medium) I agree with the opnion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subjects for the following reasons . First , having broad knowlege of many academic subjects is more convient . For example , in 1995 when I was junior in Tokyo University in Tokyo Japan , I studied law and tax . One day , when I and my friends were researching for bank law , I were confusing with the law . One of my friend , Tanaka , is the best student studied economy and had a lot of knowledge of bank system . He helped me . I were able to learn a lot of thing about the bank law . As the example shows that having broad knowelege of many academic is more convient . Second , to have variety of academic subjects is more fun . For example , in 1996 when I worked part-time at a private school , I taught Japanese History . I taught Japanese History , Law and Tax in the historiacl class . Children in my class were interested in social sytem . They asked me a lot of question about history , law and tax . Some of children wanted to study law . I had good time in my lecture . This experience clearly shows that having broad knowelge of many acadmeic subjects make me fun and brings me good time . Thus , I definitely agree with the opnion that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specializing in one specific subject .
(TUR,low) i agree with that idea . i think successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . let me give an example from real life , for instance edison he explored very useful thing for human that is lumb . before he explored it he did 99 experiment and at the end of he found lamb . he took a risk also he could stop but he didnt and finally at his 100 experiment he found it . i point out at this essay about taking a risk but also trying new things is so important to become success . if you wanna improve yourself you should open to new things . when we see the history every community that they dont wanna change is cleaned from history and the new ones come to their place . if we handle a Ataturk he tried to change the goverment and he became successful at that point if he didnt encourge that and he didnt take risk maybe in turkey democratic goverment wouldnt established and we become like other poor countries . also we can give scientist as an example cause they try to make new things to useful for human and take risks for this aim . if they wouldnt like that human live like an animal and pre-historical age . they invent most things by this way and we improve ourself and increas our life standard .
(KOR,high) Trying new things have many advantages but it has also lots of negative effects . I disagree to this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . Because of the reasons that it is wasting time , often dangerous . Even though people can gain new experiences through trying new experiences , it is wasting time . Keep working on something they already know how to do well is the way to be successful and saving time . If people try new things , they always start and learn all things over again and again . Nevertheless , they can discover and get to know more deeply if they keep doing what they are familiar about . For example , me and my friend started to play flute when we were in third grade . I am still learning it but my friend decided to play another instrument next year . Now , she forgot how to play flute at all and she wants to play it again . Then she have to go over it all again and forget about the one that she was learning before . Thus , trying new things is wasting time . It always can be dangerous to try new things . Because they do n't really know and not skilled about it . About 3 years ago , I decide to learn snow bording since I only know how to ride ski . I thought that ski and snow bording would be similar but it was n't . I was really confident before I fell down several times and hurt myself so badly . In addition , people can fall into things negatively like addicting because at first , they are not sure what it is and just start it . Therefore , trying new things can give risks . I would rather keep improving things I am good and skilled at than trying a variety of experiences because it is wasting time and could harm myself . Safe is always first . Doing what they already know how to do well is the way to be successful .
(FRE,medium) For several years the price of the gas has been increasing . It had made people change their habits . And because there is no evidence that it will decrease soon , people have started to change their habits . First they are more likely to use common transports than they were in the past . Also they use less their cars for small ride . I think this trend will keep going and that year after year , people will use their cars fewer and fewer , only because gas is becoming to expensive . Some cities try to encourage their citizens to drop the car . For example in Paris , the mayor 's policy is to develop the use of public transports and to reduce the use of cars . So for several years , buses have their own lines in the streets to be quicker and not stopped by the traffic , the days of big pollution there are restriction of the vehicules admitted in the streets , and parking ' price is cheaper for the resident so their cars do n't move . This policy makes it so difficult to drive in the streets of Paris that I assume many people will drop the car either for a bike or a scooter than for public transports . Of course people living in the countryside are not concerned by this policy . But other projects , on the national level , try to incite them to buy clean cars , or having a more responsable use . Of course this policy is difficult to accept for some people who do not feel concerned about the environmental problems . For the youth such I , protecting the environment is a major issue , we have been taught on this topic since childhood . But for the older , it does n't seem like a real problem such as war , economy or unemployment . So they keep using their cars a lot . In twenty years , when the actual youth we 'll be the older , they wo n't be acting like that because of their education . Personnaly , I 'll use my car as less as possible .
(KOR,medium) Some people agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts , while others agree that it is more important for them to learn facts . Although both views are valid to a certain extent , I personally prefer the former view for the following reasons . First and foremost , a student can expand their knowledge by understanding ideas and concepts . For example , when you are solving a math problem , you have to first understand ideas and concepts of the situation to apply the right formula for the question . Memorizing the formula does not get you to solve the problem . You first have to understand what question is asking for , and find the right formula to apply for . By solving a problem , you can expand your knowledge of math . Second , understanding ideas and concepts can allow students to have right veiws . For example , the Holocaust is one of the events that should never be repeated . By understanding what Nazism is and understanding the concepts of discrimination , students can have the right views of the event , and the same thing as the Holocaust can be prevented by them . Fianlly , simply learning facts does not get students understanding skills . Of course , it is important to learn facts , because some understandings are based on the facts . However , learning facts does not get students understanding of the ideas or knowing the fundamental concepts . In conclusion , I think it is much more important for students to understand the ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
(ITA,medium) I think , that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject , because nowadays is very important understand and know a little bit of everything . In my opinion , day after day , life is becoming harder than before , you need of a lot of different skills and competence , not just to find a good job but for every day life . For example , when you apply for a job , they ask you a lot of informations like : subjects studied at school and at the University , computer skills . In a lot of jobs , you need to speak more than one languages and moreover you have to be always updated with politics , economics and marketing informations . In these last years , the schools of different countries in Europe , are improving the knowledge of many academic subjects . They are introducing many different subjects that are becoming more important for the life , like , computer courses , technical competence , marketing , economics and politics . In my opinion , it is very important to understand and to know different subjects , because you can talk with the people of differents matters and you can say your opinion . Moreover , when you read newspaper , you can understand better the problem of the world . On the other hand , if you want to do a specific job , for example you want to be a children doctor you need to specialize in one specific subject . I think that there are a lot of jobs that needs of specific competence and you have to study very hard to specialize in one in one specific subject . I can not image if a doctor does not know well all the disease that a persons can have ... What a mess will be
(HIN,high) Young people enjoy life more than older people do . This statement makes us wonder how can one define enjoyment . Being subjective not only from person to person but also from time to time , enjoyement in totality refers to satisfaction of ones expectations and desires . In the case of older people , who have `` enjoyed '' the best of their youth , old age brings about a sudden restriction in terms of what they are capable of doing and what they must learn to live without . No one welcomes this change but some find a way to remain satisfied and happy in there restricted lives . These older people continue to enjoy life . But we find that they form a minority . In the case of young people , faced with limitless possibilities , aspirations and expectations are soaring high . These youngsters are willing to do whatever it takes to have a good time . They defy rules , and set new boundaries for themselves to try and cross . Life for them is like a window . Their expecations represented by the horizon and their desires by the distance from the window to the horizon . They can only do so much while their youth lasts . Comparing the two , we notice that while the youth end up enjoying more than most older people ; in comparison with the limit to which they could have enjoyed , the older people have a higher sense of satisfaction . They know their boundaries and make the most of their lives eachday . Almost everyone enjoys their youth , but people who can learn to enjoy their old age aswell are the people who have truely enjoyed `` life '' . So in conclusion , i would like to say that young people enjoy `` youth '' but older people enjoy `` life '' .
(KOR,high) I disagree to the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . Because you cannot be free if you are in a group , also there is less chance to interact with the people of the place you visit and you cannot explore things by yourself . First , people want to travel to be free from their ordinary lives such as time limits and rules . However , if you are in a travel group , there will be more rule to follow and time limits than travelling by yourself . For example , you probably not be able to spend much time where you want to stay long and always have to be on time to get together with other people . I would be stressed if I have not much freedom during the travel . Second , you will get to meet more native people where you visit if you travel on your own than travel with a group . One of the most important reasons to travel is meeting other people from other world . However , if you are with a travel group , you only get to hang out with that group until you come back home not knowing how the people you visit are like . Therefore , I would travel on my own to get to know the people from the places I visit . Third , you will not be able to explore things by yourself . You can make much memories if you deal with new things from the new places by yourself . If you only follow the leaders of the group you would not feel pleasure of achievement during the trip . In sum , I prefer travelling on my own to travelling in a group due to the less freedom when you are in a group , lack of chances to meet native people from other world and losing chances to explore things in the new places . You will be filled with lots of stories if you travel on your own .
(GER,high) Some people say `` no risk , no fun '' and because of this no profits and furthermore no success . I definitely agree with these people and with the given statement . Of course there are witnessed examples of successful people who just copied ideas in order to earn big profits . Of course many people who do not run a business in which risk and creativity are daily questions , are able to realize a nice career as well as high wages . And of course people who define success in a completely different way such as being a member of a kind of club maybe even the captain of a bowling team are successful with a high degree of riskaversion . But from my point of view people are only successful if they are able to change their environment significantly . I do not reffer to the direct environment as the personal social context of an individual . I am talking about changing the whole society or at least the business sector you are concerned with . What would our world look like without great reformers and visons of few people ? Personalities like M. L. King , Adam Smith or Mahatma Gandhi changed their society with their inventions , theories or opinions . But without taking risks or thinking in new dimensions , developments that occured as a result of their thinking would not have been possible until now . To be successful it demands a low level of riskaversion , a genious strategy ( that can be a simple strategy as well ) and the ability to implement it . And facts you already know might be the basic knowledge to explore several ideas but without risk and the willingness to do something completely new success cannot be realized . Finally I totally agree with the given statement . I would like to strengthen my opinion again by repeating that from my point of view risk and success are strong partners that cannot be changed .
(GER,high) There were always innovations and people who try something new . There are three reasons why I think that it is important to try new things and to take risks to be successful . First , if people take the risk to sell its new idea they have the possibility to be very successful . New ideas have the characteristic that nowbody else offers this idea or product . For example , Bill Gateshad the idea of a new computer software . He was successful because he was the first who sold his idea and he took the risk of losing all his money . Second , humans always need to develope new products . For example , medicaments for new illnesses . Scholars have to take the risk , that the medicament does not work or causes other illnesses . Before the medicament can be sold to the people it has to be tested for a long time . If the tests are not successful , the work of the scholars is not worth anything . The scholars want to develpe something new and take the risk . Third , new things and innovations are very interresting . People like new electronic devices , dangerous attractions in theatres or shows and new tastes and smells for food or deodorant . Every company that developes a new product has to invest money to invent it . After the company has to pay money for marketing , product placement and so on to sell its product successful . The amount of money the company spends is the risk it takes . But without taking the risk it has to sell its old products but mostly costumers do not want old products . They are only successful if they take the risk and be the first company that offers a new product . In conlusion , these three reasons show that it is important to use new ideas and innovations and to take risks to be successful .
(GER,high) I think it is pretty hard to say this in general . Maybe it is true for some people but false for others . But for the first part in life it may be true almost for everyone : Let us start with the childhood age , usually the youngest one can remember . Apart from several people , that go through rather harsh times during childhood ( divorce of their parents , deseases and so on ) usually people enjoy life to the fullest in that period . You have a lot of spare time , school is not so important to you and you do n't care about the future too much . So normally , you life a live that is free of sorrow and worries . After that , during teenage , it gets more complicated : Many people get a little bit depressive , it is not called the difficultest age for nothing . In that phase of life , people usually do n't enjoy it that much . But there are always others , who go to parties a lot , and fall in love for the fist time and all that , so these ones will enjoy that time a lot , maybe even more than childhood . I am not sure which one of these is the bigger part , but I think , in general , most people would say , that this age was not as good as childhood . Then , after graduating form high school , one either starts to work or begins to studiy at college . Both ways of life have in common , that your free time gets more and more limited . Either you have to work from nine to five , or you have to learn and pass compicated examinations . Many people in that age are getting concerned about future . They may have fear of losing their job , or failing in some tests at college . Besides that , in that age , you have to organize your personal life at the same time . There I think of founding a family and raising own chidren . So more and more your time gets less and your worries increase . But maybe there is light in sight at the end of the tunnel : There is a whole lot of people who start to enjoy life the most , when they are retired . They then have plenty of time again , and they do n't worry too much about the future anymore . So basically I would for most people it is enjoyable at the start and at the end of there lives . Maybe like walking through a valley . But of course there might be very much exceptions to the ways of life I mentioned above . For example some people are either lonely or very sick at the end of their lives . In that case , there is no doubt , wheather they enjoyed life more when they were younger .
(ITA,high) I agree that successful people have the ability , the courage or the skills to go beyond what they already know and they are able to do , for trying out new and sometimes risky things . The history is itself full of examples of scientists , leaders or religious figures who gave a huge contribution to mankind by going further and passing the borders of what was known and widely accepted . Their aim was finding out new ideas or new ways of doing things . In Italy , in the 14th century for example , culture and science were still dominated by oscurantism and religion . The Catholic Church was very powerful and many scientists were prosecuted and killed because they used to profess dangerous ideas for the system . The world was believed to be flat and none was questioning this . It was then when Columbus decided to move forward and , convincing the king of Spain to supply him with three small vessels , he sailed into the unknown , towards west to seach for a new passage for reaching the far east . Eventually he discovered a whole new continent . This is an example from history but also nowadays it is possible to see how people who look for what is undiscovered can be successful . We live in a knowldege economy and big and well established companies are often challenged by men and women who discover new ideas and lead the market towards what has n't been explored yet . An example is Google , whose inventors shown a new way of using internet search for market purposes . Therefore , in our daily routine , we should keep on looking for what is new and we have n't tested yet . We should not forget that taking risks is the way human beings develop or , in other words , like Steve Jobs , Apple CEO said we should `` Stay young , stay foolish ! ''
(GER,medium) I certainly do not believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do . By the time people get older and more mature , they tend to enjoy life in a different way . They appreciate certain thinks which young people might not . Moreover , do such statements depend on the circumstances people live in when they are young compared to those when they get older . Beginning with the last arguement , the most important arguement , is enjoying life very much linked to the personal sitation . Do people have a good family life ? How is the financial situation ? At this point major differences can occur . When people grow up in unstable family circumstances with a lack of money and less perspectives , life is not as enjoyable as a life as an adult , when people are able to influence how they want to live , how they want to study or how they want to live with their families . Young people certainly do not have many choices concerning those matters , because they are dependant on their families . Additionally , does an adult enjoy life differently . Other thinks are much more appreciated when people get older . They might not be able to experience new things as much interesting and entertaining as older young people might , but they have other opportunities . Thinks like going to theatres , balletts or operas are good possibilities to have fun and more enjoyable for adults than for young people . Art in general is differently perceived by each group . Moreover , can more mature people go on holidays or trips alone and generally don not need any kind of supervision . The aspect of freedom and the opportunities linked to it is probably one of the most important arguements in contrast of the above statement . Although this freedom is linked with more commitments and responsibilities , such as the need of earning money and caring for a family with children . Taking all these aspects into account , I cannot support the arguement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . Firstly , is the statement not detailled enough to be applicable for every situation and secondly is it a question of possibilities how to have fun .
(SPA,high) I agree with this statement , because the ultimate goal of education is to promote knowledge of a subject . Knowledge of a subject only comes from the full understanding of the ideas and concepts related to the topic . It is as important to know the main set of facts as it is to understand the ideas and concepts around those facts . In my experience being able to understand the ideas and concepts have often times help me to arrive to the same set of facts , proving that I have acquiered the knowledge necessary , but also the tools to conduct individual research and investigation . While it is true that there are exact sciences ( ie , chemistry , physics , or math ) which depent on specific unchangable facts , it is important that students of those subjects are able to deconstruct the formulas , paradigms , and algorythms that have produce such facts . This creates a deeper understanding of facts and when the researcher is faced with a problem it is easier to solve it in a succesfull manner . Education should not concentrate on merely facts , specially in sciences where new discoveries are happening everyday , which change the way we understand our universe . In the case of social sciences , such as history or anthropology , where facts are the building blocks to understand later developments it is important to realize that those facts are normally told from the winning party in the conflict or the prevailing species in an environment . In these cases the understanding of ideas and concepts will help the student investigate how different events may have changed the final outcome . Full understanding of ideas and concepts would lead to more complete and complex research , which will help to understand our world better and not remain in a status quo where facts are unchanged and become dogmatic with time .
(SPA,medium) I do not agree with the idea that successful people are the ones that try new things and take risks , instead of only doing what they already know how to do well . There are several reasons that make me not agree with this statement , but I would like to concentrate in three of them . Firstly , I do not believe that been a risk taker or an innovative person is a necessary condition to achieve success in life or your professional field . In fact , every aspect of life ( interpersonal relations , family , labor relations , religion , social life ) and academic discipline , or professional field , require a different approach to succesffully interact and solve problems . Secondly , taking risks might lead to failure . Even though failing is not always negative , it represents an interruption on a task or process , which certainly causes delays on accomplishing a project 's goal or task . Thus , incurring in activities or behaviors that involve high chances to fail will definetely not lead to success . Lastly , it is important to considering that in fact , doing the same things leads you to specialization , which will make you an expert on doing something or in a specific field and probably a successful and well-known person in that particular area . Opposite , it is really difficult for someone to do something new or an invention if he or she does not know the object or field . This means that people require certain amount of knowledge and familiarity with a field or object to actually make a new thing that will deliver personal success . I believe that the key to success is not hidden behind being the most original or risk taking person , but to actually get to know what you do . Going deep into one activity , dealing with it in a daily basis will allow someone to achieve success .
(ITA,low) In this period a lot of young people have n't a lot of time for help his communities ; if every person go out for walk can see that the new generation do n't have an intresting to the comunity . I think we can help the comunity with a very simple action every day when we make a foot over our house . I can divided the category express in the question into two another part : the young people tha go to a primary school , and the people that go to the university . I do this division because the person that are insert in this two categorys have only a little different of age but have a bigger different of think . The young person who frequented the university have a responsability of all the elements that are situated aroun you but the another division hav n't any type of respect in reguard of the person and the object . This young peolpe have little time for helping the comunity because they spend a lot of time for themselfe , for buy a lot of object that can make better his aspect an his realtion with the member of the group in wich pass a lot of time during the day . I do n't say that in every moment every peolple must do something for the comunity but I think that is most important have a respect of all the elements that are located around us . It 's strange look in my town a lot of old person that do a lot of activity for make better the comunity or the town . For me is better see the young peolpe do that , because certanly they can make it more fast . I think that the young peoplehave the necessary time for helping their comunity but they prefer spend it for another activity tha make better themself . In conclusion say that it 's most important help the comunity because the old person have create the comunity were we live , and us must do the same for created a better comunity for the future were our children can live .
(KOR,low) Have you ever seen a movie that the cars ride not on the road , but in the sky ? At least , most people have ever thought about the surprising situation . I agree the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years . That 's because science technology developes rapidly and the air pollution is a crucial problem . First of all , science technology 's development is rapid . Today people can send a e-mail to others who line in other country . and they can go easily abroad in several times . So in twenty years , there will be more transpotation . then the use of cars is reduce . In this s ense the neumber of cars is declined . Next , the air polution is the main issue in terms of environment all over the world . Each country tries to reduce harm material . One solution is restriction that person do n't allow drive . In Korea , new policy announce that a day of week do n't have to drive . In case of my father do n't drive in friday . In conclusion . in twenty years there will be fewer cars , Due to technology and air pollution .
(ARA,medium) Who are more enjoy life ? I agree with who say young people enjoy life more than older people do . The young people enjoy life because of their health with make them enjoy with their life more than older people . One of the reasons to be young people enjoy life more than older people is the health . The person health is every thaing to any person . For example , if some one has a lot of money and some day he or she get sek because some thing and he or she can not do any thing because that in all his or her life , so he or she wo n't enjoy life any more . Moreover , there are a lot of people who have a good health and they engjoy with their life because that , but they are a lot of people do not have a good health , so they do not enjoy with their life . For example , if someone has a problem with his or her back he or she can not play football or walk for long way . Who usually has big problems with their health ? Young people have more health than older people . Foe example , if someone go to any hospital , he or she will find a lot of older people in that hospital and some young people . It is fact the Young people have best health than older . I agree with that statment which it said young people are happy and funny more than who their age is more than 50 . They are a lot of reasons and the health is one of them and it is most of them importent . I disagree with that person who said all young people enjoy with thier life and that person who said there are no older people enjoy with their life . They are , but they are not many .
(TUR,medium) What is the best way to learn ? To stay on the main idea and learn the facts or understand the idea , consepts and be able to demonstarate your ideas ? Learning the facts is not the answer all the time . It is known from all the researchs and technics that has been used to teach to students that , giving the facts and trying to use this limited facts from that given information is never enough . Is that what a students needs ? A student should know why it happened like that , how did it happen ? What was the cause to that ? What would happen in a different case ? They need to question these . This is how the doors to their minds should be opened . School is not the place just to teach students , it is a place to let the students learn , to learn how to learn , to demonstarte the ideas they have and to discuss about other ideas . This is the way how people communicate , find new ideas , invent new products . This is how we became . I 've heard about a lot of student failing on their major work areas just because that they have only the facts they have been thaught . Whenever there was any outstanding problem , that limited knowledge was not enough for them . Facts were not enough for them to find the solution . It is not questioning the education system , it 's about us . We need to know how to let the new generations go . Improve theirselves . Do better , not for us but for theirselves .
(HIN,high) I potentially disagree with the statement that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . First , what i feel is that it 's not the age which determines the level of pleasure or enjoyment in life . It 's basically our attitude toward life which enables us to take the maximum out of what life has to offer . Our outlook towards life is the determining factor for the parameters that we set for enjoying life . Secondly , its a matter of committment and perception that wins us points in the game of life . For example , an old person having an optimistic approach toward everthing what life has to offer would rather enjoy stressless leisurely evenings sitting in the garden or maybe gardening . In contrast to this a young man having more than half of his life to live could be sitting on a chair in the same very garden and cursing his fate for providing hinderances in his path to success . Thirdly , it may be assumed that the younger part of life or the youth age demands more of you but it does n't mean that a young man simply cannot enjoy his life because he is has more work / assingments to complete . It 's a function of mind games that determines individual perception and it is this perception that fuels us to look towards life in a different plain altogether . I have seen old people like my grandmother enjoy trekking and mountaineering . History , like all other examples incorporates one in these terms too . We 've had scientist who were old enough to be counted out as non-exciting in general view but but active enough to invent some of the most exciting things on earth . Lastly , the fact that the body may be old enough but it is our mind and will power that combine together to give us a rush of adrenaline even at the age of 70 .
(ARA,low) Arrangment for trip There is many ways to travel , but when you want to make a good trip you have to get a group led by a tour guide for many reasons that are time arrangment , gain new friends , it will cost the person lower than the normal . In each trip the time is going to be an important factor . How you are going to manage you time with out the leader who has enough expeirnce on that area that you area going to visit . For example , I remaamber one time I went to egypt with out a tour guide and I spent too match time to see the important location . When you get a group and a tour guide you will have a good time for many resones first you are going to share your information and recive an other informaiton from the others . For example , I went to United stats with a group of people and our tour guid . He give as a schadual for first week and he made for us a disscastion time to gain information . I made a conpartion between the first trip and the second trip adn I face that the first trip cost me more than the second . Finally , I feel that a t
(FRE,high) I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only dong what they already know how to do well . I think it is because successful people are generally curious and always want to learn more about things . Moreover they quickly get borried if they always stay in the same area of expertise . and they are people who like the perfection . I think people have to be curious to succeed , that 's why they want to try knew things . They always want to know more . For example , a successful doctor will be the one who will have the curiosity to perfectly understand a disease and who will have the curiosity to developp research on the disease . Moreover , successful people rapidly get borried with the things that they know how to do well . They want to change and try new things and take risks because it gives them some adrenaline ! They are looking for some originality instead of always doing the same thing . For example , a successful actor will look for a role very different than the one people are expexted in him , it will gives him some excitement and show some qualities that people do n't know of him . Successful people try new things and take new risks because they want to have the feeling to improve themselves . If they always do the same things , they can have the feeling of stagnation . taking some risks is a way to improve himself . Moreover , they often are people who like the perfection and they are always looking for projects that could help them becoming better in their area . In conlusion , I agree with the statement that successfull peole want to try new things and take some risks to
(JPN,low) I agree with the statement . I ofen thought that why most advertisements take a lie in my childhood . I have two reasons about it . First , I have the experience which I was baught the kind of hobby by soch most advertisements . I get the game machine . when I often watched on TV , I watched many Advertisements together . It make me buy many things . SO , when I discover the game machine , I thought it had good perfermances . I ask my mother to buy it to me . MY mother said it is too expensive to buy now , and she buy it for 1 year . After then , I could get it ten months later . I am very happy , but This machine is bad , so I was angry . Then my mother angry me too because it is hard to her to get this machine , and she think I am happy to get it . Secend , it make bad relationship for many people with such first reason . many people expect good goods which is watched on TV . when it is not good or bad goods , most people feel stress . It reflect to other person , and many people feel bad . In conclusion , it is sometimes needed because of incresing products , but inalmost stuations , it is not needed .
(KOR,medium) I strongly agree with this statement : It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . I have strong experiene that can support the reason of my opinion . I agree of this statement because of two reasons below . First , without processing of understanding , we can not say that we know facts . When I was a high school student , there is the teacher who famous for hasitating for student 's question . He tought national history , he always tought us as book says like copy the book . When I questioned about this subject , I could not satisfy of his answer . He seems to do not know well about his subject , and I do not think he understand perfectly of his subject . He just knew and tought only fact . Espetially the national history class requires `` understanding '' , not `` fact '' , because of him , I still do not know about my conutry 's history entirely . Second , there is a virtue that `` Knowing one , Knowing ten '' It means when we understand one thing perfectly , we can know nine thing related with it additionaly . Few days ago , my one of friends asked me about concept of market . I answered to her as I learned from book , and she also knew that concept . But she need to know it profoundly . So we started to study about it researching internet , reading books related with it . Eventually we could understand perfectly , as understanding it , I can understand till another concept of marketing easily . Because of two reasons , I agree with this statement : It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than ut us for them to learn facts . Thesedays , we can learn about everything easily through the internet . We need attitude that think about one thing deeply rather than passing with just its fact .
(ITA,low) the successful people try new thing because they are the hero of the our time . they take risks for try new possibility for go on in the world , if the people do n't take risks we stay in the same status and we do n't go in the future . the risks so the people can take are about a different type , they can are of economic caracter or for a liberty of the umanity or about a other 1000 problems . I agree this people because they are dispost to take a risks for the society , and because they are a person very intelligent and spregiudicated . I love the spregiudicated people because they are n't screem to they a risks , for exemple in a society , they take a risks and they do a magnifical scopert . for exemple very important man than cristoforo colombo he go in america for see another world and he see many kind of new type . another very important man is for exemple martin luter king he want the freedom of the black people and he had a wars for have it . I want to be a successful woman and I want take a risks in my life , because is very important for me and for the society . I want to be a very important comunication designer and I want to be famous in alla world for the my artefact , I propouse the my idea and I want invest in my feauture and in a feauture of the comunication design and the art design . I want so many people try to take this risks because is very important for the society , and is very important for all the world for all people and for people so have all color of skin , white black , yellow ... they are the hero of the world and all persono if hw wants can to be an hero .
(CHI,medium) I totally agree with the statement of `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' . Why I agree with this point of view , and how do I feel about it ? I think there would be some good reasons for getting young people nowadays can be more invoed with their communities . First of all , I think why the young people nowadays do n't like spending time with their communities , because in the morden day as we are now , there are lots of interesting things and places that young people prefered to take . Such as video games , internet , travelling , and meeting new friends these are the reasons that take lots of time from the young people nowadays than the young people at the past-time . Another main point I think will be the industry revolution . In the past time they need a lot of body work that mean everyone have to get involed their communities to help each other . But at nowadays , we are living in an very different forms of life than the early days . That everyone just have to take care of their own life and no need to rely on the others . How is it effect to our nowadays communities by the young people do not give enough time to helping ? I think it affects in many ways of our socity . One the main effects , I think , is the relationship between people live in communities . As the result of this problem the relationship get colder and colder between each others . So I think if we can encourage the young people to helping their communities in many different ways that will bring people close of their communities . People will start knowing each other and helping each other , and it can also help the young people to do more valueable things than just waste their time on the other things .
(KOR,medium) Everyone has differnt flavors about the traveling , and it always depends on the situation or the place a person is traveling . The travel could be by alone , or by groups with tour guide in lots of places . However , the best way to travel is to go on a trip with a group led by a tour guide . There are three reasons for that . First , if a person is traveling in unknown area by the traveler himself or herself , then it is more safe to go on with a group with a tour guide who know the area that the person is traveling . Second , if the person is going alone , it is better to go on a trip with groups of people . That way , the person can have the opportunity to meet new people as well as see new places . Also the traveling with a group can more safe , because in case a person is lost during the trip , then he/she can get help from other people that the person is traveling with . Third , going on a trip with a group of people will be more fun . If there is more people , then more things you can do with lot of places . For example , if a person is going to Las Vagas , then it would be whole lot for fun to go with lot of people to play poker together . In some cases it would be the very nice if a person could have some own personal time for himself or herself during the travel with the group led by the tour guide . These days , lots of tour guide provide free time during the traval for the travelers who would like to have some own personal time by themselves . In conclustion , the most ideal way to travel is to go on a trip with a group led by a tour guide for safty and to enjoy , and if a person would like , then he/she could take some free time from the group and the tour guide .
(SPA,high) To me both aspects are important because a student should have the knowlege and the understanding of the idea and the concepts of an specific topic before they learn a fact on it . That is because I actually think that , when you have a fact on any matter , that fact happens as a response to several or various events that happend before therefore an student should know all the concepts and ideas , or all the information he can have on a certain matter to become aware or to have a logical explanation of why that fact or event turned that way . In my specific field of medicine , that is obstetrics and ginecology , an student needs to know all the information about labor and delivery , for example , refering to all the changes the uterus , the delivery channel and the vagina go thru , and all of the bio-mechanical aspects of the uterus contractions , the biochemicals aspect of the contraction , all the active and passive changes that the mother an the fetus have in the labor and delivery event , as well as all the changes that occur in the pregnancy , before getting to learn how to take care or handle a delivery event . That way if something goes wrong he will have all the information on wath is going wrong an if there is a way to make it go the way it is supposed to go , and have the knowledge to handle any undesired event . Tha same reason apllies to a student that can learn how to do a c-section , or learn the tehcnics aspects of how to perfomr it , but if he does not have all the anatomical information about the human body , anything can go wrong in that procedure and it will turn to the death of the mother and the baby . So I think that every fact has an explanation and the more you learn about the conceps or ideas leading to a certain fact the more you will know about the fact itself .
(JPN,medium) I personally believe that it is true that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . This is quite clear to me as we see how local events , such as festivals and `` Hinoyoujin '' going-around ( the Japanese traditional local patrol , performed at the end of each year , to warn a local community to be careful with the fire ) are excuted by olds and barely see young people to be involved . It is not `` enough '' because it shows the lack of the sense of community among the young people and , I believe , the sense of community is essential to a healthy society . My primary reason to say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities is that we no longer see young people to attend local events like we use to did . For example , in the past , to my parents time , it had been a due for young people to attend local events , such a festival , and there everybody in the community got to know everybody . As the result , they had stronger sense of community so that they are more apt to get help from each other and people could help more secure to live in the erea so to raise their kids . But , as time goes by , later generations started attending local events less and less . Nowadays young people stopped attending local events . In the case of my home town , a small city , population of about 100,000 in Okayama prepecture , Japan , we rarely see people in my age or younger are involving in the local events . That shows that the sense of community is getting weaker at leasts in one part of Japan and I do not think this is unique to this local community . Of course , it is also true that they are many young people who is helping their communities . When
(CHI,medium) The issue of wheather understand the ideas and concept is more important than learn facts has been a long time disputed . And people are entitled to opinions . From my point of view , I strongly side with the later groups who believes learn facts are more inportant . There are numbers reasons to support this , but in the following passage I will only present the major ones . First of all , learnig the facts can let them to be a crativity learner . In this world , everything have two view sides : right or wrong . Tt is important for you to choose which way you will do . It is optional but sometims you have to follow the patten rules . Along the time changing the patten is always changing . If students just understant the ideas and concepts escept the facts , they wil do not know change when they meet the new facts . so learn facts is more important . Becuse it can let them thinking what it is , and what we will do . Second of all , learning facts can gain more knowledge , when you know how to solve this problems you will also thinking whether this pattern can slove this kinds of things . If it can not so what we will do , we will ask ourselves or any other people . Lao zi , a chinese psychologist , once said : there have a teacher in any three persons . It means that everbody have the things that you need to learn , If we want to be a knowledge persons we need to asks and get the helps from other peoples . Lastly , learning facts can you learn the communication ability , because when you learn the facts , you probably need to know more details about the facts and you can disscuse and improve that you said it is correct , so you need to explain you ideas to let other peoples know , It good for you to communicate and let you to be a welcome one to them . Understant ideas and concept can only let you be a receiver but learn the facts can help you be a scholar , you need to think to improve what you say and what you think , be a crative lea
(KOR,medium) Young people live their lives mainly for their future that is still more than half of their living span , while older people live for the day they die . So older people tend to enjoy their lives more than young people do because young people are always livng their present for the future , which can not be enjoying their lives , but only working hard enough to be happy when they are old . But old people have only shor period of life span left and have less future than the young people which let them enjoy their lives rather than working hard for their shortly-left future . Comparing a student and a old professor in college , the student is not enjoying their life , unless he or she has no future . The student is trying his best to learn as much as he can about his career that he wants to do in the future . However the old professor just watches him struggle sometimes and help them , then watches the student being happy after achieving what the student has wanted . The professor has been what he had been wanted forever when he was young and now enjoys his life helping his student who is not enjoying his life yet , but eventually will . They do n't have to plan their lifes any more , all they need to do is just help the students or just have break reading the books they want to read and prepare for the lecture , which is fun for the professors because it 's what they wanted to do for life . It applies not only for the professor but also with all the other people who has a professional jobs . Old people tend to enjoy their lives more than younger people because they have done what they have planned when they were young and now they just need to relax and spend the rest of shortly-left future with what they have achieved . Younger people could seem to be enjoy their lives in a lot of ways like partying , but that is not the real enjoying , because they are worrying about their future in the corner of their mind , while te older people are really enjoying their lives without worrying about their future even though the way they enjoy lives could not be as crazy as the young people do .
(TUR,high) I think that having a board knowledge of many academic subjects is not what our era necessitates . In our times , it seems to be more important , and more awaited to be a real expert on one specific subject . This thought of mine has many reasonings behind it . First of all , I do n't think that a broad knowledge on many subjects could be useful , as long as with such a knowledge one cannot be really comfortable with all of those subjects , on which he claims to have a knowledge , and with knowing a little from everything , it is really easy to get confused when you study , or prepare a project . Actually , that is why teamwork is important in business life . Since a project cannot be prepared by one person , it is distributed among a group according to the specializations of members of that group . Thus specialization is favoured in industry . Secondly , I do not think that such a broad knowledge is needed in industry , though specialization in one field is necessary to have a succesful career . Since at our level of technology everything is hidden in details , and thoughts that make differences are at minor scale , one should be able to observe the subject , and problem that he is working on with all aspects . According to my opinion , an understanding that through , and detailed is only possible with high level of specialisation . Thirdly , a broad acedemic knowledge means that person works on very many , and irrelevant topics . Yes , with such a working style you are working on a wide range of subjects , and you are continuously changing your study topic , and you know some of everything , and you seem to be successful with a lot of work fields you have , but you lack one , and a very important thing : Experience . Experince is , maybe , the most wanted speciality of a person , that is to be in high levels of his career . It had become to this that , experience is the key to a succesful business life . And i do not think that a broad academic knowledge distracts one 's focus , thus gaining experience is harder with that kind of knowledge , than the case with a specialisation field .
(SPA,high) I agree in part with the statement , but I do n't think that those are the only two characteristics a successful person has . In my opinion , those characteristics are strongly associated , if not derived , from self-confidence . A person that is self-confident is not afraid of trying new things and taking risks . In a way it has to be a person that knows that whatever happens there is always a way to make things work . On the other hand , I disagree in part with the statement because there is a good amount of people who have success and not necessarly take risks or try new things , in fact they do what they know well or are especialized in . Could it be that success is associated sometimes to luck ? There has been a lot of people , throughout History that they had a good idea , but it was n't the moment and years later it became a reality . In my opinion , in order for a person to have success a variaty of factors should come together , such as , personality traits , knowledge and the moment or period of time he or she is born . Success involves a large scope . A person may be successful in his or her professional life but he or she is a failure in social aspects . Taking risks and trying new things may be applicable and a desirable characteristic for a person that runs a business , but I strongly disagree that it will be a desirable trait in a relationship . So , to call a person successful I consider it is important to see not only a part of a that person 's life and in order to have success characteristics do n't limit only in taking risks and trying new things .
(CHI,medium) Recently , a hot issue about whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject is wildly discussed among the students and professor . Somepeople hold that one can learn more about the world by having broad knowledge . And other 's agrue that having a expertise in a specific subject can led a bright way for people in their career life . As to me , I prefer to the former one that to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Since we live in a complex and extensive world , having broad knowledge contributes to helping us to know more about the world we live in . With the knowledge of many academic subjecs , one can easily explain some case that happens everyday around us . For example , one of my friends always leads the origniation by observing the poision of stars when we hike outside . Besides , have broad knowledge of many academic subjects can also help us to better understand the knowledge in a single subject . Becaues the knowledge is interweaved to some extent , the knowledge gained in one lessen can be applied to solve a difficult problems in an other fields . For instance , I offen find that princples teached in management class can be a good guide when I plan to set a project that required by marketing lesson . At last , i think the student should not only to have broad knowledge but also to specialize in one specific subject as well in order to meet the demand of society /
(CHI,medium) There is no denying that whether young people enjoy their lives more than the older people do has become controversial , not only to professionals , but also to the public as a whole . It takes all sorts to make the world . Some believe that young people enjoy their lives more than the older , and would like to put an end to it , while others who think older people enjoy their lives more maintain the disagreement to it . As far as I am concerned , i vote for the latter . There are numerous reasons why i choose to disagree with the given statement , and I would in here explain a few of the most important ones . In the first place , it is easily observed in modern society , young people have to endure more pressure and competition that older people do . Both common sense and our knowledge can inform us that most young people have to deal with peer-pressure . What 's more , in order to survive later in their lives , they are facing enormous competition with other youngsters . An illustrative example that can be easily found . High school students have to worry and struggle for their marks in order to acquire an considerablely good education . In contrast , old people just need to go to community centres and enjoy their lives . After all things considerred , I think the most important reason for stating older people enjoy their lives more is that they are respected by younger people . In other words , their lives are more appreaciated and high-classed emotionally and psychologically . An example that accompnies this point is that a senior with a family can be respected by his/her children or even grandchildren . According to a recent survey by Statistic Canada , 80 % people whose ages are below 30 believe that older people should be respected and 90 % of those who are older think they are happy and appreaciative about the respect they get from young people . Nevertheless , young people 's lives can be more enjoyable to some extent , such as a higher energy level they obtain in their daily lives , but this merit is speculative . After considerring the bigger picture , you will think believing older people have better lives is a wise option . After understanding all the reasoning above , it is now safe to say that stating older people 's lives are more enjoyable is a more sagacious and wise action .
(ARA,low) In the begning i would like to draw attantion about the diffrence between knowledge and education . All the time most of education is specialized in one or tow majors while knowledge can be in more major and you can get diffrent kind of knowledge throw riding to musc in different fildes . When i look at this phrese in the left of the secreen i try carfyully to analyse this sentince with my point of veiw . i found out that i agree & disagree in the same time . becuse it is very important that we have some people specilize in some major such as doctors be dermatologist can not see or cure canser patient who havecancer from this example i come out with my agreeness and , when i look to the knolwdge side i find that the disagreement is also can be in this matter . Some one will have to have the knowledge from differnt kind of acadmic sources in order to find sulotion for probelms . We realy need both people to have knowledge in order to keep this knwledge contnuing for ever and we need people to do special studies to have more experince and to discover new thing with regardes to thoer specility . Why do we need bothknweldge and specilatiez ? we need the knowledge to storm our mind to feed our braine like the thursty desert needs the rain and we need specility so some one can do somthing acuret with an outstanding effort to came with good end like the bugs they can not make honey but the bees can do that so all we need her is knowledgew and spicalties to come togother . I see that all humenbeen should gothered for the acadmic knwledge in order for this earth to beome more educated
(ARA,low) Yes , because they are besy studying and they think of holidayes and games .
(JPN,high) Basically , I agree with the statement . However , there are some points to be made clear still , such as , for who advertisemtns make products seem much better than they really are and to what extent . In the following text , I will clarify why I agree with this statement , clarifying these points . It is true that we sometimes have a feeling that some advertisement are overselling their products in their commercial . For example , the commercial of movie usually shows the best part of the movie in the advertisement , and makes us excited and looking forward to this movie , but sometimes it happens that we get disappinted with it after seeing the movie itself . However , if there is actually overdoing of advertisement are different according to different receiver . If we take an example of coffee , if you do not drink coffee at all , the quality of coffee does not matter to you . In this case , for you non of the advertisement is overdoing , because from the first of all , you do not expect any quality from the advertisement . So my point is that if a certain advertisement is overdoing or not is depending on the person who are interested in and evaluates the product . Besides , the degree of overdoing is also depending on the receiver as well . If you go to some internet site where the opinion of certain product , such as camera , or MP3 player are publically open , you can see various types of opinion toward the same product . Sometimes they can be totally opposite , such that some say , it was worthwhile to buy , and the other say it had been better to throw money away . So for those who are satisfied with the product , the advertisement of this product is not overdoing , but for those who are not satisfied with quality of the product , will take the advertisement overdone . To sum up , although depending on who the receiver of the advertisement is the statement might not be true in some cases , and the degree of overdoing varies across the evaluaters or consumers , I agree that most of the time , the statement is true .
(ARA,medium) Success is really one of the most important issues for many people all over the world . Some people tend to do what they already know to do well . Others tend to try new things and take risks to do well . Personally , I believe that trying new things and taking risks are really imortant in a person 's success . On the other hand , there are those who belive that doing what one knows is better than doing what he does n't know . They believe that it is saftey for a person to do what he knows , because he dose n't know what will happen if he tries something new . The ARAB NEWS mentioned a survey last month about the people who tend to do what they know . They made an interview with some of them . They think that it is better to do what you know , because one does n't know what results will hapeen if they try something new . In contrast , many people believe that changing is really important in people 's lives . They have to take risks and try things that they did n't try before . They cite research on achievement saying that most of the successful people tend to do things that they did n't used to do . They can face the problem that they mau face in thier lives . In addition , they can get what they want easilly . So , they can deal with the life ' s hardships greatly . In conclusion , success is really an important issue . The plenty of people believe that one should try what de does n't try , because he may never taste the life if he dose n't face its difficulties . So , they think that the right decision to do what one did n't try before . Personally , I believe taht without trying one cannot taste the life .
(GER,high) The question whether is it more important to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in just one specific subject is not easy to answer . Personally , I am the opinion that a broad knowledge is worth more than a narrow but specialized knowledge . However , the business world calls for specialists all the time . Back in the past allrounders were highly appreciated but nowadays there are just a few left . Well , this does not apply in general but at least to the business I know , the law business . As a lawyer it is necessary to be specialized to ensure one achieves the best solution for the client . But still , I believe that broad knowledge opens new horizons . Now I am not only referring to business but also to private life . Having knowledge in various areas also means to have more information . Information one can use to make up one 's mind and to see things in a totally new perspective . This actually is why I believe broad knowledge is worth so much . Only with this knowledge it is possible to understand different cultures , to enjoy foreign music , arts or simply to have an interestin talk with the neighbor who comes from a different country . With these new possibilities a totally new world is offered to the ones that are open to information on different subjects . And get back to business : who does really want to talk to a lawyer who only understands the law but not the real problem ? I does not . Therefore I am the opinion that broad knowledge is more important to to be specialized on just one subject . Although , it is not easy to obtain knowledge in different fields , if one has a full-time job , it is worth to spend the spare-time to gather information on other topics and subjects , provided one is interested in them . Summarized I can say , that I try not to become to specialized too early and to obtain a broad knowledge . I think it is very important .
(TUR,medium) Let 's imagine and create a person who is successful in his firm who is in mid thirties . Who is already become a CEO . He can keep doing what he is at best or he can try to find another area to seek success . Definetely seeking the success in another field would be a dissappointment . But it is better for him to find out what is there ? The unknown is always attractive and if he achieve it great for him and the humanity . Taking the risks rather than only doing what you do is basically not fun at all . And if you are already good at it . What is it to lose ? If you could not . Come back . The door will always be open to a man or women who is successful in a job . This process will effect the person 's creativity . It gives the chance that if he or could make that miracle in another situation . It is a challenge and a contest . For instance our CEO in a company realizes that he always wanted to be a politician since he was a kid . He could give it a try and try to get in the elections of next year . It is a contest , not a beuty contest . A contest which he will find his inner strength and get to know himself finally , who knows ? But not trying at all is the real sin of all time . Because living with `` If 's '' is a great overwhelming thing for a human being . In addition to that , if a person can achieve the second dream it will not be just for him or her . It is gonna effect the others eventually and it will be a benefit for eveyone . Consequenty , successful people definitely try to achieve more and more in new fields and jobs . Doing what they already know how to well will not be plus for human kind . It is a big mistake of all time .
(GER,high) The question if it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts has been discussed already quite often . In my opinion it is of greater importance for students to understand ideas and concepts . The main reason for studying , espacially if seen from a humanistic perspective , is to learn how to think freely , put questions and understand the concept of a subject . Although facts might be crucial in professional life , every single job will probably require the knowledge of special different facts . For example a businesswoman will work in a consulting company while the her former study collegue will work in a bank . It is just impossible to include all facts which are needed in a curriculum of a career . Therefore it is unavoidable that every newcomer has to get into the demands of a job individually and often start learning from scratch . As I have seen e.g. in my history classes you will very likely forget some facts but you will never forget the broad idea , for example the reasons for a war or for the rise of the Nazis . This is much more important to know than to remember every date or the exact sequence of some Engish kings . This leads me to my next point . When you study the idea of a subject you also learn the ability of how to do research and where to find facts . Therefore I think it is not fundamental to know every fact but rather to know where you can find the fact . Several people go as far as stating that it is actually not important at all what kind of content you learn at university , but that you learn how to do research , how to write papers , how to solve academic problems and how to work without being told every single step like in school . But this is definitly only true for the humanities and not for professions like doctors or physicians . To summarize , I prefer studying concepts and ideas because I think it will help me to develop more important and sustainable skills than just facts .
(GER,medium) In my opinion both types , the understanding of ideas and concepts and the learning of facts , are important . One reason is , that students who just learn the facts of course have a great data bank but it 's just learned by heart , they do n't see any connections . To see those connections the students have to take a look at the ideas and concepts of what they learn . Another reason is that students , which just learn by heart everything , are not as able to make a decision as students who see more than just the facts . For example , a history class talks about an important happening in their country 's history . On the one hand they have to know the dates and why something has happened , without this it is impossible to talk about the reason and the consequences , but on the other hand it is needed that the students understand the idea which leaded to this happening . Only with this both kinds of study combined it is possible to have a productive discussion and a succesful education . Finally I disagree with the statement , because I think that it 's not possible to choose between one of the kinds of studying . The students need both to get the best out of their education and so it 's important to use both types for studying .
(TUR,medium) Everyone can enjoy life whatever the situation is , how old they are and how much money they got . The important thing is that if a person is aware of enjoying time is an essential of his/her life . In my opinion , I strongly believe that the young people enjoy their life more than older people do . I am going to explain my reasons of this belief in the next sections . Firstly , young people are more open to new ideas and mostly they are willing to try new things that they did not experience before . Trying new things like paragliding , a game , swimming in cold water make someone 's life more excieted . Having fresh bodies may also help to exhibit these new offers and wishes . Since the action is more easy event in the youngness . Secondly , young people have not so much responsibilities like paying house credit , buying newer car or going to more expensive places for dinner . Thus , they can take more risks than normally older people do . Then they can move more easly then older people do since they have not settled down totally . Adventuring new places also gives pleasure to everyone . A cheap trip to North America is an opportunity for young people while an older person would asks which hotel to stay , how long vacation is need . Lastly , young people do not have proper job , and they have plenty much time for doing something else . Assume that , I have plenty time to spend on my own . I would like to do my staff that I have already delayed but after finishing them I probablt will be get bored and think about what to do else . This brain storming gives new ideas to try . But this needs time to do and all other staff should be completed before it . Despite of having enough money and being mature enough , I believe that young people enjoy their life more than older one do in the way of I tried to explain above .
(FRE,medium) Many people may think that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities . On the contrary , I believe that many young people give a lot of time to helping their school mates , families , and other citizens . My reasonning here is built on the two following arguments . First , I think that many people just does not see the young people 's help to their communities . I will give two very relevant examples from my own experience to support this idea . I spent my summer vacation in California , volunteering in the '' Trail maintenance crew '' at Redwood National Park . During the two months I spent over there , I met dozens of young volunteers , but I met only one volunteer over the age of thirty . Thus , many young people are volunteering for free worldwide in National Parks and Forests , but only very few people realize how much time these young people gave to help preserving the world 's natural ressources . Another relevant example are beach lifeguards . Many people lie and rest on the beach without thinking about those young lifeguards . These young people spend their day watching for endangered swimmers , and sometimes risk their own life to rescue them . Then , I think many people still focus on the damages that young people can cause . I will again use an example from my own experience to illustrate the fact that young people who feel responsible of the well being of their communities still exist . For instance , there an association in my school , whose members clean the facilities and repair broken items after parties . Thus , I think that many young people continue to give their time worldwide .
(ITA,high) Colleges nowdays offer a huge variety of classes . Books on library shelves talk about every subject one could think of . People , students in particular , are left wandering wheter it 's better to concentrate on something in particular or on many different subjects . I believe it is better to have a broad knowledge , basically for three reasons . First of all when you go to college the maturity of adulthood is still far away . Seldom have I met undergraduate students who already knew what they wanted to do in life . Because of this I think one should try to develop a broad knowledge on different subjects . A borader knowledge will give you a broader perspective to life , an open mind and the ability to make the best of the opportunities life will give you . In addiction to that , personally I would never spend three or more years of my life specializing on the same subject . I know there are people who do , and some of them seem to like it : for instance my friend Girolamo has been studying the behaviour of earth worms for the whole last semester ! I could never do something similar . Concentrating on the same matter for too long can be boring . Stuying is already so difficult , facing new issues and interesting matters often can help to cope with the burden of the deadlines , midterm papers , books , and so on . This is worth for young students but for adults as well . In conclusion statistics have been carried out on people who attended classes on different subjects when they were at college , which basically means they have a borad knowledge rather than a specialized one . The results show that they usually have higher wages than people who concentrated on a specific academic subject . This of course does not mean that taking up photography and biology will make you a better person than someone who knows Plato 's `` Republic '' by heart , or has studied French for all his life . But it does mean than generally you will be more adaptive , which is a key quality in nowdays everchanging world .
(SPA,medium) Nowadays the sciense is advancing very quickly because of the progress of many academic subjects , each day we know more and more about our world , about us ( human ) , the scienses is growing so fast , many people thinks that its better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects and other that its better to specialize in one specific subject , i think that its better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , my point of view is support for the following reasons : Firtsly , i think one must knows about other academic subjects too , because of that knowledge can will use on the future , since are many academic subjects that are growing and we must to use that advancement , nowadays there are many people how have not only one profession and maybe have a betters works since they know many academic subjects and can work better , maybe can work even instead of other people , and do their works more efficient . Secondly , in our days many professions have many academic subjects in them contexts , many academic subjects are binding each other for example the medicine is a complex of many academic subjects likes physycs , biology , anatomy , chemistry , mechanical instruments , all of these academic subjects are bindings each other and its imposible to separate them , and i think thanks of that binding of academic subjects the medicine is growing very fast in our days , and i believe all of the professions have not just one academic subjects but many . Finally , because just thanks of the union of many academic subjects all of the scienses are growing and increasing their knowledgements very fast . In conclusion i believe that its imposible study one profession or work in that if the person just should to know one academic subjects because noone academic subjects can not survive alone .
(ARA,medium) I agree with the statement which tells that ` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . ' Travelling with group is fun and having a leader make it much funner , because , usually , the leader is an expert in his area . Travelling with a group led by a tour leader is better because you will be able to see more places , the tour will be well organized and you will not feel lonely and you will gain more informations . Travelling with a leader give the treaveller a great opportunity to see all the tourism places . The leader will be specialist in that and will know the best places to go . For example , from my own experience , when i travelled first to london i knew hide park and nothing else . On the other hand , the next trip was with my uncle and he was our leader and guided us . He give me a chance to see the musuems , hide park - which i already have seen - , regent park and Big Ben . It was amazing trip and much better than the first one . For that reason , for the taveller to be with a leader make the trip much busier and let him or her see more places . Also , having a leader saves the traveller more time and makes his or her trip much organized . By travelling with a leader , the travellers will notice that he or she always refers to a schedule . Every tour will be prepared before tavelling . The times will be accurate and the whole period of the tour will be prepared to give the traveller an opportunity ti visit as much as possible of tourism places . As a result , to travel with a leader makes the trip more organized and more rememberable . When someone travels with a group which is leaded he or she will not feel lonely . He or she will be most of the time with the group dicovering new places as it is scheduled . Also , another benefit is that he or she will get more information . Usually , with groups , which are leaded , the leader gives some brief information about every new place they visit . That will let you as traveller to gain more knowledge . In conclusion , to travel with a leaded group is much better than travelling alone for some reasons . First , you will get better care , more organized trip and more knoweldge . Also , that does not mean you will lose your privacy . Certainly , you will have time to have a walk or go out walking .
(ARA,low) First of all knowledge is very imprtant to every body adults or even children , so we should know about genaral things in our life , but my answer if i do i agree or not , i disagree . when you ask me why i choised this one , i will tell you that it 's true to know as much as you can and take knowledge but when you take just one thing and fouces on it bileve me yoy will do good work . So taken one thing and fouces on it will make you not like every body you will be jenouse becouse you will appear your self and will shine . For example : if some on has gradute from collige in one subjects like medicen , this person took almost like 8 years stadied which he want to work and make the help his \ her country after finding good job . Moreover the person when get this sutition that 's clue for this person and starting his life and making the others thing like family children , and how he \ she will think about how to have up deagre or leavel to prove his \ his self . Espeacilly in this time knowlege its very iportant things in our life as i said . Finally this was my opinoion .
(TEL,high) I strongly agree that in twenty years there would be fewer cars in use than there are today . To support and explain the stated point we have many reasons and lets review them logically . The main point which hold the statement that in twenty years there would be lesser cars than used today would be since there is a drastic decrease in the natural fuel being used , such as peteroleum products . To support this point the recent survey conducted by National Geographic expedition and their study shows that these natural reservers like peteroleum would last for not more than another 30 years , if the same rate of usage is continued . This study also involves the different peteroleum products being used as fules , these include diesel , petrol , gassoline , LPG ( liqufied peteroleum gass ) and other minor fules . We should also include the case of using natural solar power , or nuclear fuel , but at the present rate of financial investments and other government policies these donot look to spring up in the next recent years . As for example starting up a nuclear plant in a place called Thungha in the north west part of India took five years . So as a result of increase in the fule price and also the rate of growth of pollution caused by the burning of these petroleum products , people are highly encourached to use other modes of travel , for example using public transport , metro system , cycling for short distances . As for example in China , employers are adoptinjg techniquies to reduce the usage of cars , like locating close to work place , using metro system for travel . Also when we focus on the government policies being laid in recent times , we see that more encourangement is give for public transport than for purchase for cars . As taking for example a place called Bangalore located in India , during the past five years then price for fuel has grown by more than hundred percentage , while to compensate for this issue , the government had activated more public transport , allocating industrial area next to be in one major location , where the fequency of public transport is concentrated . This did lead to the decrease in the usage of cars in Bangalore . Also we may raise the point of using sloar power and other modes of generating fuel for cars , like liquid fuels where water is a byproduct ( presently used to power up space flights and super sonic jets ) , also using electric cars which also need petroleum product to generate , but this demands for great amounts of revenue and also a mojor world collobration . Also the research in these fileds donot show big progress form the past years for major car production . So looking at these feature , this will take time and we cannot expect them to happen with in the next twenty years . Parallely thier would also be the depletion of fuel in the world leading to minorty class of people to use cars ( those who could afford the high price of petroleum products ) . Hence as stated and explained with examples , according to me I agree that in twenty years there would be fewer cars in use than there are as of today .
(ARA,medium) I do agree that young people can enjoy their lives more than the older people . One can do things while he is young but can not do the same things when he 's getting older . Not only that , but a young person does have much time to live and enjoy his life more than the older person . Many books can be written When talking about things that are only can be made when a person is young . That 's because when a person is young , he is usually more powerful . For example , if there is a trip , the younger person can go and enjoy every minute in it , while the older man can still go but he wo n't get to enjoy the trip as the young man had . Many things can be done when a person is younger such as , travelling , having adventures , attending many events in many countiers away from his . However , the older people can do the same things but they will not experience the same feelings as the young people did . The reason for that is that they can not do many activities as the young people can do , since these activities require a certain skill or power that the older people lack . From the other hand , Age is a very important issue when talking about enjoying a thing . Young people do have much time to enjoy a thing such as , visiting new places and staying there for a while . Also , they do have enjoying the job experience by working in different jobs and gaining skills from such oppurtunities . Those things can not be done by older people since they do not have time for trying new things or living a new experience . In addition , young people can have kids and play with them by all means like , going to the gardens , having a picnic , or even driving them to their schools . All that can be done with a clear mind . While older people is getting affraid from the death in any moment , young people do n't have the same threat upon their sholders . In the last but not the least , Young people do have the advantage of having so much joy in theor lives more than the older people because two criterias , The ability for doing many hard and tough actions , and the age restriction .
(GER,high) The issue at hand is whether advertisements make products seem better than they really are or not . This is a very important issue , because advertisements have a great influence on our every day life . In my opinion advertisments assume products to be better than they really are . For this I have several reasons . The first is that I experienced how advertisements can lie in my own life . I saw a new hair shampoo at the TV , which should make my hair more shiny and easier to form . Because of this advertisment I went to the shop and bought the shampoo . Maybe my hair was shinier after using the shampoo , but it was not easy to model it at all . In reality it was even more difficult . This is one of the examples which made me casting doubt on advertisements . Now I always question what is shown . Another reason is that I compare what I see in the advertisements with the things I can buy at the shops . Through this it is obvious that the advertisments are lies . Everything looks so colorful at the TV but in reality it is not colorful at all . It is just like every other product you can buy in the shop , which is not advertised . Finally , one can sometimes see how advertisements are produced . That completely convinces one that advertisments make products seeming better than they are . Take for example some sort of food . When people want to advertise such products they have special strategies for it . The most interesting is that most times the food is not real . Advertisers just put it together with artificial materials . So it looks better and you just want to buy it . You will never find products in advertisments in their original way . That is a big lie to the customers , is it not ? To sum up , I think that advertisements make products better than they really are because of my own experience , compares between advertised products and the actual products in the shops and because of the way advertisements are produced .
(GER,high) I agree with this statement . I also think , that understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students than it is to learn just facts . I can say that especially in connection to my own majors mathematics and economics . For the future life it is very important , that you understood ideas and concepts at school and university . My first major Mathematics is probably the best example for this statement . Just by listening to the professor and reading books you will learn nothing about mathematics . My professor always says that we have to work on exercises ourselves because the most important thing is to understand the concepts behind the thinks we learned . Without understanding the concepts , we wount be able to understand the further lectures . So it is very important , even for for little kids and school . If they do n't understand the ideas in the first classes , they will never understand them . Another good example is my second major , economics . In the university we just look on easy topics . The goal is not to know how to work with these topics , but to understand the ideas behind it to use these ideas to solve more complex things in the future life at a big company for example . That is where I come to my third very important point , why understanding ideas and concepts is more important than to learn facts . In the future life , especially at work , you will probably never be asked again about special facts , that you learnd at the university . If you are , it will be easy for you , to go on the internet and find out these facts . Today the internet is so complex , that everyone will find almost every information he wants to get . There is no need to know historical dates or something like this as long as you have the ability to use a computer . So I think , these are very clear points . In my opinion , schools and universities should even more focus on teaching the students the ideas and concepts behind a topic and not make them learn facts .
(TUR,high) People may quickly get wrong when they say that specialzing in one specific subject is better than to have knowledge of many subjects . To some extent being specialized would be beneficial to the person . However it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . Becouse with the development in science and technology it is revealed that every field is somewhat connectted to other ones , and it is now the time for the most qualifed canditate to find a position to pursue a good career . Fistly , each day we hear something new about science and technology and most of the time we are suprised to see how differennt fields are linked together . To illustrate , medical science began to cooperate with computer science and they are using these technologies to learn more about human and trying to find treatment technologies for various health related issues . A medical doctor should also have at leat a minor degree or broad knowledge in computer science for example . Secondly , dramaticly growing population brings a problem to the front . More competition is now waiting for us . Therefore we should equip ourselves with whatever we could find . There could be also majoring in different areas . Consequently , we become more attractive to the employers since we achive more with less effort and we could have a much broader view of perspektif when looking into problems . For example an engineer with a double major in economics or business administration could do a job almost two people can do and also can be able to think thoroghly with engineering aspects and with the say economical aspects of the problem . A whole understading to the problems could be achibev by acquiring more and more knowledge about different things . To sum up , in the search of exellence and success one has to consider equiping himself with more and more knowledge and therefore experience to overcome the competition . Becouse we now know that every field is linked to each other and we sould have something in our mind when considering problem solution .
(FRE,medium) I clearly disagree with the following statement . I believe that the phenomena will be the opposit and that , in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today . The reasons supporting my opinion are the following : First , I think that population increase and the devevoppment of certain countries are two main factors that will make the number of cars raising . As we all know , population is increasing . In consequences , the number of people using a car will increase too . Second point , the economic developpment of countries such as China or India will also represent a higher number of cars sold and used . In addition to that , I also believe that even polution problems will not stop the developpement of the cars industry . The reason why is because new energies such as gaz or solar energy are being developped . I think that people will be more and more concerned about environmental problems and will use these new energies . The last reason why I think the number of cars will be more important in 20 years is because people are more and more individualistic and are really exigent concerning their confort and freedom . So , they will prefer using their car instead of taking common transportation such as buses or subways . To conclude , I would say that cars industry is not going to lose importa
(TEL,medium) Some people will like to understand the ideas and concepts while some people will learn it from the facts they experienced . But i agree with that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than they learn facts because if they understand the concept of the particular they can face the fact confidently . That is if you understand a problem and the concept behind that problem then u can understand the type of problem and you can think an idea for the problem and you can solve the problem when you really face it with much better way than you face it directly as you have never face that situation before that time . For example , in the study of medicine why to teach about how to deal with patients and how to recognize the disease by readig books first than going to the hospital and examining the patients , it is because we need basic theoritical knowledge first to face any situation first we should know how the patient will be then we should know how to recognize the disease of the patient then we can eamine the patient about the disease he is suffering with but we cannot go to the directly to the doctor room with out any knowledge about that and go and ask the person about their symptoms of uneasyness , as if they say also we do n't know the disease first to give medicines . It is also important to learn from facts but before that we should learn some what from concepts and ideas about the thing that was been done by the people before us that how they faced the situation for that instance if it is well we also follow the same way of approach otherwise we will think of the better way how to solve the same thing in a more effective way when we face such a type of situation it not only in the field i mentioned above but it is also applicable in all fields of work and this is mainly for students as they learn things newly so gaining more theoriticall knowledge for students is better than learning it from facts .
(GER,high) Some people say that young people have more fun in life than the elderly . In my opinion these people are absolutely right in saying that . Besides of body weakness and deseases their are a number of reasons why young people have more possibilities to really enjoy life . Although already mentioned in the introduction , I want to underline the importance of physical fitness once again . Not only that older peole are far more often sick , their bodies are just not functionning the way young bodies do . This is examplified in sports . In my opinion sports are very important for the quality of one 's life . There is no denying the fact , that the elderly do not perform as well in sports as younger people . One can see this in professional sports . It happens rarely that a person older than 35 is playing soccer in German Bundesliga . Moreover old people often have to quit doing sports because of physical problems . Another aspect regarding physical fitness is the time of recovering after a desease or an injury . It just takes far more time for older people to recover completely . An addional important advantage of young people is that they still have so many things to experience . Young people can learn every day new things . Not only in an educational way . The youngers have a lot more opportunities to get to know new friends . People in that age connect much easier . Furthermore as a young person one does not have as many commitments . Old people are often settled and living a very organized life . In contrast , young people can decide to study and live abroad for a certain time - or forever - without having to discuss this with a wife and children . You are just more independant . To come to a conclusion , I am very happy being young . I still have the opportunity to enjoy my life as much as possible . This does not mean that I am affraid of getting older . I just think that I have to do certain things now as I will not be able to do them later - when I am one of the elderly .
(TEL,medium) The best way of travelling with a group of people is very funny and i really enjoy that trip . Actually we do n't know the places we are going to visit at that time we really need a person who guides us . But we are going in a group at that time we do n't want a guid . In our group some people knew about the place , and someone in the group have some information about the place then no need to worry . For example , i went to hawaii with my friends , in my friends group one girl already visited the hawaii and she knew the place which is more beautiful and which place we can really enjoy and she also knows some resturant . At that time we went to hawaii and we really enjoyed the trip . We do n't need any guide . If iam going alone at that time i really do n't know the place then i need a guide . If i can not take a guide then i wo n't enjoy the trip . But in my opinon i enjoyed the trips when i went with my friends in group . group trip with friends is really enjoyableand i could still remember those trips . For example my home twon is in india , one time i went to agra to see the tajmahal . That is really a beautiful place i do n't know anybody in that place at that time i paid to a person who is guided me . And that person is very nice he showed me all the places around the tajmahal and he is also stated telling stories about the tajmahal and i like that information he gaved me . That is also a nice thing about a guide . That time i did not realize that i came alone . either of the ways we go with friends or we go alone what is most important is we really enjoyed or not .
(TEL,medium) Yes , I do agree with the statement stated below . Having a broad knowledge of many subjects is more good than having knowledge ioin one subject . Because , every subject in the acadmic year are related with the other subject . As we know that MATHEMATICS is father of all subjects . It has the major influence on all other subjects . Ther is no such subject which do not have an influence on it . having a kowledge on it only one can have the kowledge on the other subjects completely . For example , in our Bachelor degree , we have the subjects MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS and WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS . Each have the influence on the other . The mobile communication is the study of the science on the wireless transmissions where as the wireless transmission is the path for the mobile transmission . Both have the influence on eachother . Mobiles includes the telephones or the data transmission devices such as bluetooth , infrared devices which are used in the data transmission . And the wireless transmission is the study or the process involved in the data transmission . Not only these both subjects , ther are many other subjects which are very closely related to each other . That is why I strongly agree with the statement that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialised in other subjects . As we know the proveb that `` KNOWLEDGE IS DEVINE '' . No matter what the subject is , having a knowledge on it will surely helps in kowing the other subjects .
(GER,high) I agree entirely with the opinion that it is more vital for students to comprehend ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn mere facts . Why study facts , or even worse , learn them by heart to pass final examinations when you will forget most of them shortly afterwards , anyway ? Therefore , it can be far more beneficial to focus on teaching the general understanding of ideas and concepts . Research in psychology has proven that you will remember far more easily anything you have understood instead of learning it by heart . And normally , you learn facts by heart because there is not much to understand . Moreover , in an increasingly dynamic environment , both in professional and private terms , the learning of facts could be in vain . Circumstances change more and more rapidly . What was important to know now could be replaced by completely other facts who have to know in a couple of years . That is the case , for instance , if you have to change your profession as a result of structural change of the employment market . As a matter of fact , experts say that these kind of structural changes will occur more and more frequently , so many people actually will have to change their profession several times during their life . The understanding of ideas and concepts can also be helpful in any profession as it offers a larger flexibility . You cannot study all kind of solutions to a problem by learning facts . Because the problem is , that as a student you cannot possibly know what kind of concrete problems you will have to face later on in life . As a result , it is far more important that you learn and train a certain approach to solve problems , by concentrating on studying major ideas and general concepts instead of investing too much time into learning facts . In conclusion , I would like to state again that the understanding of ideas and concepts is more important because it is in every respect more beneficial to the preparation for a increasingly dynamic environment . It is easier to remember ideas and concepts than it is to remember facts and , last not least , ideas and concepts are more useful as they allow are larger flexibility to new challenges .
(TUR,medium) Today , the population of the world is increasing rapidly . so that , some indivisual needs such as house and car are increasing depends on this process . in twenty years , the increment of dwelling number in cities will continue at the same speed rate but I can not make the same prediction for the number of cars on the world . according to me , the number of cars will be less than today in the future . because I have most of reasons to support my idea . Todays , the goverments noticed the importance of railways in respect to transportation systems at the regions and cities . in transportation policies , the mass transportation is preferred by most of the countries . this is the big factor of decreasing the cars number most of people are dying at the traffic accidents nowadays . so , people are preferring mass transportation facilities such as plain , train , buses etc. when travelling . because these vehicles are more comportable , cheaper and safer than the cars . in the future , depending on the high population at the cities , commuting will take more and more time for people by cars by virtue of high traffic density on the roads . so the fast transportation advantage of cars will be disappear . \ the fuel prices will be very expensive . for high travel cost , everybody will use buses and trains for going to their jobs or homes . in conclusion , in the future , different and single vehicles will be replaced on the roads inside the cities instead of big cars . because of parking problems , the big cars will be a freight on the citizens who live at the cities .
(SPA,high) I absolutely disagree with the given example . Older people enjoy life the same or more as young people do . This is due to the fact , that young people live life according to their expected future , creating this way a false sense of eternity . Therefore , young people are unable to experience the marvellous mysteries and beauties of daily life . On the other hand , it is well known , that older people live life more intensive . Older people are capable of experiencing every second of their existence , because they are aware of their mortal destiny . Life is based on experiences , life is what we create on a daily basis , but life has an ending . Life is uncertain , but death is certain . Everyday responsibilities have made young people , as myself , unaware of the reality of our existince , of the real meaning of life . Life should not be just about completing assignments and working for a company , life should be something deeper . But it is well known , that our industrialized society has made out of us working machines , and taken away our freedom to live life accordingly to our decisions . As one grows , one is taught to be a person who dedicates most of its life to the well-being of the society in which one 's live . Before , for example in my country , reaching 65 years , one is obliged to work , and one will be able to live only after turning this age . This is an important reason , that explains why most of the young people are uncapable of enjoying life , the way they should , and why older people are capable to . It is a pity , that most of the people in our society will start to live life just after having dedicated their entire life to society . It is during this stage of life , when older people realize that their life is mortal . It is during this revelation , that people start enjoying life more . Every second is precious , and every second could be the last . It is this fact of life that make older people enjoy life more than young people do .
(TUR,medium) Albeit this is a possibility , I do not think that it is likely to occur . there ara a couple of reasons which make me think in this way . first of all , it is a very clear fact that the oil reserves we have today are coming to an end and probably in the very near future scarcity will be more apparent . And when those days come , we will not be able to find oil to use for our needs as easily as we do today . and , this factor will surely affect many sectors . no doubt , car industry will be among those sectors , may be the foremost . Because , oil is being used both as an energy provider for the engine and used in the production of many parts of the car such as its tires , dash board etc . So , in a situation of oil dearth , it will be highy difficult to use oil for the car industry because it will increase the costs enormously . Even if the car producers find it still accurate to go on productin in this situation , they will have to sell it very expensive . And this will affect the consumers . They will think on the one hand the prices of oil necessray for dunnin the car and the on the other hand the price of the car . And , as a result it can be expected that car uses will dorp down . But , nearly everybody knows that oil resources are coming to an end . so , sectors which will be affected from this situation are investing enoumous amounts of money for alternative energy resouces / Hydrogen is among the most popular of these potential resources . It is nearly a common idea that in a near future alternative resourses will be used . Also ' people are accostemed to using cars . They like its comfort . So they will cont
(FRE,medium) For beginning this essay , I just want to ask a question . If you win with a game 100 dollars , you will be happy , it 's obvious . Now , if with a game , you win first of all 200 dollars , and afterward in the same game you lost 100 dollars , eventually you will win 100 dollars , but will your feeling be the same in the two cases ? The really thing which is very important , is not a situation at an precise moment , but the evolution which lead us to a situation . Thus , even if we are in a very good situation ( in work , family or friends ) , and this situation stays like that for a long time , our feeling will not be the same , because at the beginning there is a changement which do that we are happy , but after there is not thing which influency our life , so we take the thing differently . For example , we can quote , Richard Branson , who has a successful life , but he tries new things all the time , like diversify it company ( Virgin ) , or things more crazy like do a turn around the Earth in balloon , travel in the space ( not yet do , but maybe soon ) . By all means , there is also people who prefer do n't take risks and stay in the same situation . I think that there is not many people in this case , because if there is not evolution in our life , it become boring . Obviously , there is some situation exceptional where it is not right . For instance , I do n't think that Michael Schumarrer ( ex F1 pilot ) was bored by the fact that each year during five years he won the championship . But it is a special case . For me , the most important in the life is the evolution , to come back to my introduction , obsviously I think that we are not in the same feeling in the two cases ( besides , some studies show that it is right ) . So , I agree that people ( not only successful people , but in particular ) try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know to do well .
(CHI,medium) With the development of the human society , the amount of knowledge exploses . Knowledge is power , but I do n't think one single person could handle too much of the power . I think that one should specialize in one specific subject , rather than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . It is not necessary to have broad knowledge . In the lifetime , it will be very very lucky do have one great contribution to a specific subject . Many people are remembered by us just because they did a very good job in their specific subject . For example , Nash , who majors in mathematic . He masters nothing but to calculate in papers and thinking about his math problems . Even worse , he got nearly mad for 20 years of his life during which he could not work as a normal person . But he is well-known and remembered by us just for his contribution to the math . Beside , human 's energy and time is limited . One cannot spend his or her time on too many fields , especially when he or she lives at today the time the amount of knowledge exploses . In contrary , if somebody tries to study extreamly well in many fields , he will feel exausted but still cannot handle them . Moreover , to study in many subjects may leads to a very bad result that he can not study well in any of the subjects . However , I must confess that it is good the have broad knowledge if you could . Knowledge in one field sometimes affects that in another field . There are indeed some people succeeded in many academic subjects . The question is they are the minority and it is not realistic to expect many people could be like them . So I think it is better , and what 's more , more realistic to specialize in one subject .
(TEL,low) Now-a-days the generation has been changed to compare of previous days , because now people are thinking in a fast generation that they created life in a busy manner . Coming to the topic about the `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their comminties '' . So , According to the topic the people are in a way of helping the communities according to the willing ness of their availability . some people helping and some other people not helping because they are having some problems in their life . According to the Young people they are having so many problems compared to the other people , why in the sence means ? . Some young people may studying are doing bussiness are some other in their part of life , so that the studying people have to go school , college , and some other courses they are doing like dancing , learning music , etc . So they are in busy of their life in that if any one having to do the helping nature for old communities , poor people and blind people etc , they will be allocating some time for this kind of issues . so that some people may be helping may not be helping . Most of the young people in nowadays they are helping for the society and for the communities . All the young people in the age of 15-25 they are helping for the several communities . By doing the collecting funds for the people who lost their houses in the earthquakes , floods , etc . Not even money also they are collecting and donating the cloths and the most needs for the people , In school the children doing lots of the things for their nation and for school development . So that i will agree most of the students or the young people spending thier time in social activities and helping the old communities . And also we have to agree for the young people who are not helping for the communities in several reasons like , not feeling healthy , etc . And they will be help in any part of the future life . So according to the topic i will agree the most young people are helping for several communities in different manner .
(ITA,high) I definetely agree with the statement ; in my opinion , ideas and concepts are indeed extremely more important for students than mere facts . In fact , from my personal experience , being a law school student who went through a long school career , the primary scope of learning is getting a real deep idea of the topics and therefore being able to master and criticise them . That has always been my attitude , since the day I started school . In fact my mother , whose profession is teaching , always taught me that the concepts are the most important things for a student . Thus , on the other hand , memoryzing facts , dates and names it 's completely useless because as time passes , they will soon become confused , unclear , oscure data until they will complete disappear from our mind . There is no use of knowing a date / name if you do n't know what it relates to . On the contrary , as you learn , if you focus on the ideas and the concepts , you wo n't ever forget the essence of any topic . Accordingly , in my opinion , only by focusing on the substance of the different topics the students can form themselves with a serious knowledge . Ultimately , I think that it 's really important for students to think about what they study , to identify the underlying problems that are brought along with every topic and to attempt to form their own opinion about them . Only with this attitude , the students will be able to become knowledgeble human beings instead of a group of worthless sheeps that does n't know how to think on its own .
(HIN,high) The best and most popular mode of trivelling today is a car . You can reach any where at your own time schedule with the help of a car . It does overcome some of the disadvantages of other systems such as bus , Train etc . To trivel by Train or Bus we have to go by their schedule , and they can be used to reach only specific locations . But the future is not so good for the cars . I agree with the statement that twenty years from now thier will be ferwer cars than today . Cars require fuel to run . Today the fuel used is mainly Petroleium or Natural Gas in the form of LPG or CNG . These are fossile fuels and they are non renewable , so they will tend to decrease over the time . The supply of these fuels will decrease over the time . so they will become more expensive to afford by normal people . As a result number of car owners will decrease . Cars make lot of polution which is responsible for various health and environment related problems such as global worming or lung cancer . The problems related to the cars are all related to the fuel they are using . So if we can get the alternate energy souce to run a car then it may have the bright future and we can see more cars than ever in next 20 years . The alternative energy souce for this fossile fuels is solar energy , or Fuel cells , which use hydrogen as their fuel . The problem with use of Fuel cells is that it requires carring hidrogen along with the car . Hidrogen is very explosive if it is exposed to atmosphere , so carring hidrogen along with the car is like sitting on a bomb . As far as other option goes , there are very few cars which run on solar energy today , this is mainly because these cars are expensive . But as the technology grows these cars may be affordable and can be available for use for resonable price . The other point that we should note that world is going towards globalization . It means increase in the competition . So people will require faster routes to trivel . Todays cars are limited in speed not only due to the car itself but due to over crowding of cars , remember the time we spent in trafic . so in order to promote the car in future one need to see to these issues as well . Answering all these questions will shape the future of cars . So twenty years from now , if we see cars in musiums or on roads in day today life will depend on all these issues .
(HIN,medium) I agree with statement that young people enjoy life more than old people . the term of youth is believed as the beautiful time in our life this theory itself prooves that young do enjoy a lot more than old . Enjoyment can be considered as the invisible sibling of zeal . energy generates from the enthusiasm towards ones life . as young people will be healthy they will be active and energitic resulting in interest towards enjoying the life . generally they follow in the logic that ` get busy in living or get busy in dying ' . Young people never satisfies with their existing capabilities they enjoy in achieving intermediate goals . that too , as the young never feels their responsibilties , out of their ignorance they enjoy with their freinds and by their own style of enjoying their life . As the old people feel very responsible they come under pressure and will be vexed with their life and never think in a positive way . they try to complicate their problems unknowingly as they are annoyed . young people think with a great flexibilty and they feels very free with out any mental tensions as they take every thing in a positive way . as they come across so many fields and new advancments in those respective fields , they enjoy in learning them and in spreading their knowledge . As there are so many innovations in the field of technology they try to capitalise the advantages of those gadgets and devices and get entertained themselves . enjoyment can be defined mathematically as ( goodhealth + zeal + energy + optimism ) . these four things can be considered as the variables . where these features are in bundle in the young people . By the above discussiuon we can clearly visualize that young people enjoy more than old people which is an uncontaricted truth .
(KOR,medium) Today , a growing number of people that led by a tour guide , when they have a travel to the other nation . leding by a tour guide has its advantages and disadvantages . if it were up to me , i would definetedly choose to travel is in a group . This is because of , the advantages of traveling in a group far outweigh the disadvantages of leding by a tour guide . To give you an idea . here is an example . To start with , if we go to travel in a group . we can get a lot of experience . From my personal experience . when i went to sanfransico with youth group which include in church . We have to preparing for retreat to having a good time without a complain each together . for example , We bought stuff like foods , lamps and maps and so on from that time . through this experience , we can get a wisdom and good relationship . furthermore , As time goes saying , `` Experience is best teacher . '' As this example demonstrates , people probably do n't forget the lesson from the experience . I have a friend who is bestfriend in korea . when he had a free time from a company for a 1month . he just woried about whether he should go in a his company group or leding by a tour guide . finally , he choosed that go to travel by a tour guide . he went to california . actually you know there are a lot of beautiful place in here . such as ` Laguna beach , seal beach , hill and so on ' but then , the tour guide lead to him and his family to disney land , and LA downtown , Korea downtown . they got a frustrate that titely schedule which made him . As we have seen , although they get a difficult physical , he should have go to travel with family in a company group To sum up , Given the between traveling is in a group and leding by a tour guide . i would choose to first thing . overall , the experience that i went to sanfransisco became part of my life . I whole heartedly agree with the idea that going travel is in a group .
(SPA,high) In twenty years the number of cars will be even larger than the number of cars that we have nowadays . There are many reasons to think this , the most obvious one is that technology wont be able to create a substitute for the car in only twenty years . There are other reasons that are more human , like dependency . In twenty years cars will not be as bad for the enviroment as they are today but the number of cars will increase noticeably . In the last century technology has changed our way of living , one of the most important inventions was the car . Who can imagine what would happen if suddenly all the cars in the world disappear ? it woul be a caos , the level of dependency that we have on cars is very high , we need them . Cities are built in a way that life without a car is like hell , almost impossible . Distances are longer and roads are made for them . But the main reason is on technology , cars are now starting to use electricity as their source power ( even tough they use gas too ) but this improvement does n't help to the problem of the number of cars . Because there will be cars that do not use gasoline but they will still be cars . The United States is the model for the world and cities there are really wide , cars are really needed , american families have a minimun of two cars . So as the world gets `` americanized '' more cars will be used . We also have to note the human incapacity to find an alternative . There are alternatives but none of them is perfect . We can use buses or trains but in order to use a train or bus you have to go to the station and it will not leave you at the exact point where you want to go . Some people can say that riding a bike is the solution , but let 's be real , are people going to ride a bike when they can go five times faster using a car ? without getting tired !!! Bikes are the ideal solution but our human condition makes us lazy and consequently the bicicle option disapears . Maybe in the future the cars will fly , that would solve a lot of problems , but it is not something that will happen in the near future . In conclusion , we will have to wait more than twenty years to see the number of cars decrease , and a radical change on our society or technology has to happen in order to this to occur .
(GER,high) In my opinion , it is indeed more important for a student to grasp ideas and concepts than it is to simply learn all the relevant facts oz heart . What use is the most encompassing accumlation of facts if you cannot employ them in a specific context , in other words in relation to a specific conceptual framework ? Let us assume for instance that I would know in advance all the relevant facts , that is questions , topics and texts , important vovabularz that are being used in the TOEFL test ( which is of course impossible ) . This would not necessarily help me to score high and be effective in my strategies for answering the single questions because these questions heavily rely on the concepts as well as the general context that the single reading passages , lectures and/or conversations elaborate as a whole . Of course there are questions that pertain to specific details . Yet these details cannot always stand for themselves and be seen independently , but are interwoven within the thematic frame of the text . An example of this would be the word ` romanticist ' . As a fact stated within a class on British poetry that term does not relate to topics of romance and the love between to people . However , in another context such as an everyday conversation with my friends in a pub , me claiming to be a ` romanticist ' can very well indicate these things ( although in real life I would probably just use the adjective and say that I am ` romantic ' ) . Also , and this would be another reason for my argument , facts can either change over time or simple be false depending from what source they come from . For instance , it has become a well-known fact that the information that is provided by Internet sites such as the online encyclopedia ` Wikipedia ' must not be seen as reliable and 100 % correct because anyone can contribute to its database . To sum up , although it is important to pay attention to all the facts and details that are being presented one also has to be extremely careful and attentive when it comes to putting these facts into pragmmatic use . Also , one constantlz has to be aware of the fact ( no pun intended ) where the information one is using is coming from . Because as several examples from history and politics have shown misinformation and the abuse of power can be used to manipulate people 's opinions or to justify certain military operations .
(CHI,medium) Given the choice about Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities I agree or disagree . I agree this topic . There are three reasons was followed . First , Our eduction never encouraged them : `` You need to help their communities . '' Instead of communities helping always become a way to make them be good . So , they did n't want to join the communities helping . They feel this is not a good thing . Second , young people have too many choice to get a right one . Today in Taiwan , homework always full of young people time . It is impossible that claim they to help communities . Young people always feel too tired to do others thing . They only care about their grades . Third , young people merely think what is good for them . And their points always on dress , money , entertiment . They did n't want to pay some time or money to help communities . They feel this question of government . To sum up , I think young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . I think we should educate our young people to helping thier communities . Because they can get many benifits when they start to pay their time . Helping communities is a good thing we should do it .
(CHI,high) Somebody thinks that learn something besides his or her specific subject is kind of wasting time and energy . However , if you have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , it will allow a better understanding of your specialty . A broad knowledge can also help you if you unfortunately meet with accidents . Furthermore , it gives you more topics to talk with friends . With a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , you can do better in your specialty . I believe everybody knows Sherock Holmes , a famous dectective . What made him the greatest dectective in the world ever ? A broad knowledge . Holmes is an expert in violin . He has also achieved great success in chemistry . What 's more , he has several books published on the how to raise bees . It is the large amount of knowledge in all the subjects that made him a distinguished dectective . I remembered in the case that several people died after they have gone to swim in a small lake , Holmes used his biology knowledge to solve it . It turned out that there was a rather rare poisonous jellyfish in that lake . If he had put all the efforts on his specific subject , maybe he would not be able to solve it . When meeting with accidents , a specific knowledge may not offer much help . Let us assume that poor David met with a leg fracture . If he specializes in Chemistry and nothing else , he might sit there , crying . However , if David has some knowledge besides Chemistry , he might know to place some ice on the injured leg . What 's more , a broad knowlege gives you many topics among your friends . Almost no one likes to hear a professional talk on the development on brass . However , nearly everyone fancies a talk on the history of opera . More topics among friends , do better in your specialty , and know how to do if met with a accident , a broad knowledge of many subjects is definitely better than merely specialize in one subject .
(GER,high) I do agree to the statement that it is better to know many things briefly rather than knowing only few things in detail . There are so many different academic subjects that hardly no one is able to have a deep knowleadge of all of them at the same time . Knowing a bit of many subjects is more worth because it makes you look at things more widely . Also I think it is more worth because you become open minded . You do not only focus on few things but consider many different aspects you have learned about . Another argument to underline my opinion is that you have better conversations with people by knowing many things briefly . On the one hand it is great to have a deep knowleadge of something and of cause it is also very impressing . However on the other hand I think as that kind of person you can only have a good conversation with specialists like you . You are not able to see things in a big picture . To my mind having a brief knowleadge about many academic subjects is more worth it . To give an example imagine you are having a conversation in a train or another public place with a person you have just met . The chance that this person has the same knowleadge and same interests you do so you have somehing to talk about is very low . But if you have lots to talk about because you know a lot , does not matter if it is just a basic knowleadge or not , the conversation would be very good . To sum up it is just more worth and helpful in life to have a brief knowleadge about academic subjects because the chance you find somebody you can talk to is very high . Also very important is that you experience a lot and become open minded which to my mind you can only become if you have a wide knowleadge .
(JPN,medium) Some people might say that using a tour guide is a waste of money . But , Porsonally , I agree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . My primally reason is that using a tour guide is more safe than not using . Especially , people who participate in the group travel have less experience going abroad . They are completely lack of knowledge about this foreign country . A tour guide have much experience and many information about it . For expamle , in Asia , there are many dangerous areas which almost all residens keep away . If you are teached by a tourist about this imformation , you will not face to the dangerous situation . However , it is truth that there are poor guides . Preventing you from hiring a bad tourist , you should choose the big company which provides good service . Second reason is that the tour guide can lead you to the good place where you cant not detect by yourself . Espescially , in a short trip , you should go aroud some country in a hurry , and you do not have enough time to spare . In this point of view , the existence of a tour guide can reduce the waste of time . In addition , he can provide much information which make your trip more exiciting . If you do not hire a tour guide , you will regret hardly . Most all of people seldom go on a trip , at most , once in year . It is important for us to make much effort to make good plans . In the case , A tour guide can support your trip . Considering above all reasons , I agree with the idea that a group travel must be accompanied by a tourist . It is worth of paying additilnal charge .
(KOR,medium) I think that the main idea of this statement is successful people try a new adventure also get some risks , and they already know how to do well . I think this idea is important , because if people try to success , they should try a new thing such as a new job or a new opportunity what they never try it . That could be very hard at first time , but when the time goes , we could find out our success through the new opportunity . Commonly , people wants to do work which is very easy or very common thing , they do n't want to look like speicial and they afraid about the risk after they do that work . However , this is the difference than common people , and successful people in our life . Almost all of succesful people create something new . I think that only a few people achieve success from old idea . Successful people think different way from other people about what kind of new things will make them successful . Also , they make an effort with their work . Here is the example of Thomas Edison 's success story . Thomas Edison was not really smart boy when he was young . However , he had really creative think with everything and try to do experiment if it is possible or not . As he said , 99 % was his failure , only 1 % was his success . He did not afraid with the risks , keep concentrate a new experiment . I think that his creative thinking and make an effort was the success point for him . Every people wants to success in their life , they wants to earn money a lot , and get a authority in their own life . But , if they want to success in their life , they should think different way from other people , find something speical which is not really common thing and should be aware of some risks that they will have , but if they success with a new adventure , they can be a hero , successful person in this world .
(TEL,medium) Enjoyment is a positive feel that a person relishes , and each person has a different perception of enjoyment and has a different way to enjoy his life . There can be different people who enjoy harassing people or some some other ways which may seem absurd to other people . the term JOY is totally related with the personality of the person having it . The statement given is `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . The first thing to state about the statement is that it is not a universally valid statement that absolutely cannot be applied to every person . When a person is young and wants to enjoy by spending most of his time partying around but has severe work load and is not able to alot any time for his enjoyment , this means that , though he is young he is not position to enjoy , while he is still young , and if he thinks that he will enjoy when he is older , after the retirement then he will not have the physical strengh required to enjoy the way he wanted to enjoy . When the same person enjoys doing his work then he has all his time to enjoy and will enjoy much more during strenous work times . It may not seem appealing that a person even enjoys the strenous work but it is analogous to the state of a person who dances in a party though it is physically strenous . When it comes to the older people some people prefer to live in peace which means that they can enjoy the state of being peaceful . Some may want to achieve what they have lost during their young age , but it may not be possible at that age , when they are physically disabled to do any strenous work . Finally i would like to conclude that enjoyment depends on the way an induvidual perceives it and is totally independent of age age factor .
(TEL,medium) no , i wont agree with the statement , in my opinion just simply knowing and understanding ideas and cocepts is not sufficient knowing the facts is very important , just simply knowing concepts doesnot help in all cases , knowing the facts about the thing is very important then only we can know wheather the thing which we understood are correct or not . in some cases without know the facts we cannot come to the conclusion . facts should be known . there is a chance of getting misleaded simply by understanding concepts and agreeing the things , in such cases facts are very useful facts are real things which we can see or taste . simply uderstanding the concepts will help the students upto some extent only that means upto exams only , but in case of kowing the facts it will be helpful in future when the same problem repeats in future . the concepts are those that are simply printed in the books or said by the professors in the colleages but facts are those which we see directly in the labs or in daily life . for example if we take an experiment in a lab if we do it by ourself and the both if the expected and the result matches then we can say that the experiment has passed . other wise simply listening to the professor about the experiment may or may not give the expected results , there aries lots of doubts , therefore after once if we perform the experiment there is no chance of getting doubts in the whole life time about that experiment . at some extent understanding is enough but in all cases it wont works . especially in works of get importance such as civil engineering works , mechanical works doing the test personally and knowing all the facts about all the products and materials only the work can be completed successfully . understanding the concepts are useful upto the exam point of view , after that we may forget them but about knowing facts they wont never be fogetted . this is how knowing facts is important when compared to understanding facts and performing them .
(ARA,medium) To answer that question , we need to ask another question '' is success measured by the things we do or how we do things ? '' , if the answer was `` by the things we do '' then i dissagree , because people will always take risks as a fact of success and not as a choice , the reason behind that is that people tend and rather feel safe than to take risks with a big possibility of failure , for example : if there is a shoemaker who worked in that field for almost twenty years and have no experiance what so ever in any other field , then that man have two choices , to continue his work knowing that its a failure - we agreed that success is measured by `` the things we do '' - or changing his field to any other practice that he knows nothing about , and taking a huge risk by changing his field . Fundimintaly this man will have a very low rate of success , and may lose his furtune by changing the work he does to things he dont . At the same time this man wanted success and that what we all want , so in fact he had no choice , he had to follow that path . If that was the case , we will find that many of the businesses will collapse beacuse of the shifting of fields done by non-specilized people , the doctor wants to be a pilot , the accountant wants to be an engineer and the cat wants to be the mouse . On the other hand ; if the answer was `` by how we do things '' , then we can achieve our goals and success , for we will do our work in a well planned and organized way , even if risk is there , it wont efeect our work to the point of failure .
(JPN,medium) I agree with this statement . understanding ideas and concepts is more significant than learnig facts because undertanding ideas and concepts affect on the skill of remembering and explaining things , and it also helps to learn other information . Understanding ideas and concepts means that understanding things deeply . If you understand details of thing which you want to remember , you do n't forget it easily . Also , you can explain about it when you are asked some one about it . If you learn only fact , it is good for remembering for short time to answer tomorrow 's quize , but you may not be able to remember it for long time . You ca n't also explain about it deeply in the class . Therefore , Understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning just facts for studernts . Another reason why understanding details is more important than learning facts is that it affects on learnig new things . If you perceive details of thing which you learn perfectly , you can understand things which you will learn next easily . Most of the things which student learn in school such as math , chemistry , phsyics or english tend to relate to each other . When you learn new things , new things are came from old things which you have already learned . Therefore , If you understand ideas and concepts deeply , you can understand new things easily . In conclusion , understanding details deeply helps to remember and explain things which you learned and to learn new knowledge easily . For all these reasons , understanding ideas and cocepts is more important than learning facts for students .
(ITA,high) I think that it is difficult to determine exactly the ways to reach success . But anyway , I think that most of times successful people have to be very creative , brave and determined in making decisions . And another key to success is to face every day new situations and to try to come across with different things . Because in the end this is what makes life a valuable thing . always doing what you already know , even if you know you can do it well , does not permit you to become expert of the world . I also think that in order to become successful you really have to consider your enviroment , in particulare people around you , because another key to success is to be seen by the people around you as a necessary and very interesting and brilliant person . In order to aquire these characteristics you have to make lots of experiences . People always judge you , and want to see you how you can deal especially with new things . That is what makes the difference between an ordinary person and someone who is going to become a successful person . Taking risks is also another aspect of success . If I was afraid of doing something because I know it can damage me , every one would say that I am not a brave person . But if I showed off , if I was finally able to demonstrate that I could risk , then people would care about me and probably would even support me . But there is an inconvenient : you could be brave , but the `` Fate '' has to be considered . if on the contrary , after making an important desicion and risking , something goes wrong , then you fail . And failure means that you are not well-estimate by people around you anymore . So the stairway to success is very difficult and tough . You really have to be patient and prevent troubles . But in conclusion I still think that someone with a great personality can be a valuable person and can alw
(HIN,medium) I disagree to the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . This statement contrasts with the quote `` Jack of all trade master of none '' . Not only academics this state is false for every kind of work . I would tell my certian personal examples . In my college I play football , cricket , weightlifting , powerlifting . Despite of playing so many games i have not been selected till today in my any of the college teams . When i am dropped out by the selection committee then i feel that it would have been better if i would have devoted my entire time on a single game and do mastery in that instead of playing many games . When we talk about the world famous authors they mostly have specialisation in a single subject . for example William shakespeare was famous for English literature , Issac Newton was famous in sciences , etc . There are endless examples about different personalities who have achieved success by doing specialization in one specific subject . So i would conclude this paragraph by stating that for getting renowned in your school , state , country or world you should have specialization in a specific subject unless you put in your best efforts in that . Most of the people face unemployment because they try to put their hands and legs in many works which reduces their chances of success in that . It is just as a person standing on two boats and trying to navigate the river . So i would end with a famous Quote that `` Single bird in a hand is better than many birds in a bush ''
(CHI,medium) There are some people who think making products seem much better in the advertisements is better , but others prefer to let the product looks like what they really are in the advertisements . However , I would have to say that , if I were faced with this issue , I would probably disagree to let the products seem much better in the advertisements . In the following discussion , I would like to reason and provide evidence to support my viewpoint . No issue is more important than the one that to let people know what they really want to buy . If all the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , how can we buy what we want ? We have to go to the place where sells the product and then figure out what it actual is . In this case , the advertisement will lose its importance . Do n't you think the example quoted above are very pursuasive ? The advertisements will become less important that is another head and chief reason that I have chosen to put here . People will become to figure out the product by themselves instead of trusting the advertisements . It is no better illustration that can demonstrate the view . If you can see that , you can understand it more deeply . Superior as making products seem much better is , either make products seem much better or let the products maintain the original situation has its own demerits . To sum up , the reasons discussed above which sometimes intertwine to form an organic whole and thus become more pursuasive . As a result , we can safely reach the conclusion that the advertisements should n't make products seem much better than they really are . Not only do I prefer to make products seem what they are , but also I prefer that the advertisements should use a proper way to make the products seem better .
(CHI,medium) I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . First of all , young people nowadays tend to care about themselves more than paying attentions to other people . With the highly develop society , there are much more interesting and significant things occupying young people ' mind . For instance , they would like to spend two hours or more reading books in the library or seeing vedios and playing computer games at home instead of helping their communities which may gain them nothing in the near future . Furthermore , most young people nowadays are not aware of the idea of `` community '' anymore . The identity of being part of the community is getting weaker and weaker . Some of them even do n't notice about their living in a community . For example , apartments o houses have bacome the main style of buildings nowadays . Young people leave their houses in the early morning and come back to the very same place at late night . How can we expect them to know each other with their neighborhoods ? This kind of living style weakens young people 's identity of community . Naturally , they will not pay attention to a society which they are unfimiliar with . Finally , considering about this so-called efficeint society , tasks about communities are almost done by certain workers or employees of these communities . By this way , a community becomes a epitome of a factory . Everyone has it 's own job and only do what he or she is asked to do . Take my family 's community as an real example . We hired four people to do every task in our community . By this way , we young people take tasks related to the community to be done by them as granted . In summary , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities because of individual reasons and also some unavoidable reasons such as modern structures of buildings . However , I belive that young people should spend more time to enjoy with our community . Via real careness to our communication , we can make our place to be better and impeccable in every aspect .
(GER,medium) I agree to the statement that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . But it 's also important to know facts . Bacause every idea and concept still requires basic facts which are necessary to really understand them . You have to decline two kind of facts : facts which are basic knwoledge and facts which are only important if you want to handle it deeply . Many of today 's students learn facts , but they do n't really understand it . And so it is better for students and for life preparation to understand ideas and concepts than only to know facts . For example : if you know how something work you must not know why it works . Many students learn strictly all details of an idea but they do n't realize the whole . In many subjects you have to learn by hard to get all details , but it is better to understand the concept which allows students to study , recognizing and solving problems which are still different but mainly the same basic . But students should know and learn facts , too . Because in todaz 's life every problem must be analized and its solution must founded on especially facts . To solve a problem without detailed facts is very unprofessional kind of working . Other persons with ground knwoledge should be able to find failures in your documentation . Learning must consist out of both : founded knowledge compared with ideas and concepts . Ideas and concepts may include facts which are neccesary to understand them . Many students know and learn only as much as needed to pass an exam or anzthing else . This might be good for the moment but you ca n't pass life very well . A reason for this could be also a problem of teaching skills . All in all it must be important for every student to reach a founded education with both : detail knowledge and basic ideas .
(SPA,medium) I think that the advertisement is what really push you to buy something that you need , or think you may need . Because of the way the product is showed . Some advertisements show just the product advantages , but does not show the disadventages , so the client or the posible clients ( you ) are convince that is what you need , without serch for others products that offert the same porpuse but in differrents ways . Some times we buy before do any research in differents products of the same kind . The price is something that really makes the difference , because if bysides the advertisement shows just the adventages and it has a really low price in compare with other products of the same kind , that really influens your desitions , because you always want to save some money , at least if you are a normal status person . The advertisements are good to show you the differents kinds of products you can find in the market for a certain porpuse , always if they tell you the trurth . Some companies just made their advertisements incompleated , as I said before they show you just the good part of the product , and sometimes they overfull you of their advertisements , so you will make your desition based on what you seen more often , You get to tell youself `` if you see it every where it most be good , so I will buy it '' . That is what push us to make mistakes , we can not leave our desition on the companie 's hands , we have to do some research to make sure that what they are offering is what really is , and what I really need , otherwise you do not need to buy it . So my adventage is that always make sure the product you are buying it what you think it is , you can check with friends of yours that had bougth it , or with different stores that sale it , do not let the advertisement convince you .
(TEL,medium) I agree that successfull people will try new things and take risks than doing the things they already did well because of the following reasons First , The people who are successfull are well experienced and have diiferent ways to approach things to solve their problems since they already know what is good and what is bad from their experience and knowledge they lgained . for example scientists who come up with new innovations in this present world are very imaginative in inventing new things rather than working on the same thing again and again for example Thomas edison has undergone great strugglle in inventing the bulb if other scientists worked on the same research then we would n't be enjoying other pleasurable things that made our life easier and quicker in this world lke invention of aeroplanes , cars , computers etc . , . They risk their life doing it in all possible ways by working day and night in their laboratories . Second , It may increase ones survival rates to live a little longer and enjoy ones lifes in this beautiful world For example : if a pateint has a cancer and he is taking appropriate medications but the symptoms of cancer are n't working with the use of medicines then it is better for a doctor to try chemotheraphy ie use UV rays which are very hard to tolerate but has high chances of subsiding the growth of cancer cells rather than trying the same medication again and again for better and longer living of person . So , trying new things by taking risks would create our lifes easier , faster and live longer .
(KOR,medium) Many things are important for student in class such as safety and socialized . The major importance would be learning in the class . There are many ways to learn in the class . Memorizing all the things you have learned would be one method . These days people considered about which method would be good for student to learn things . Understanding ideas and concept is the best method to learn things . Understanding ideas and concept will help to study in another field . Many study fields are connected together . For example , Phsics and chemistry is connected in science . If you just learned the fact in one study field , you cannot use to another field . Because the fact is correct in one field . But if you understand concepts and ideas , you could adjust these concepts and ideas to any field it is related . Understanding ideas and concept will help to study another field easily . You can keep information for long time by understanding ideas and concepts . Learnig facts dose not have much explation to understand . You have to just memorize facts . There is saying `` Easy comes , easy goes . '' If you cannot remember , you cannot use it whatever you want . Understanding concepts and ideas is different . There are many things to unederstand concepts and ideas such as examples . You have to know everything to understand concept . It would be not easy to understand . You would be hard to forgot things that you get with difficulties . Understanding concepts and ideas would make you keep information longer . You can use information from understanding ideas and concepts easily . Facts are not changeable just like theory . You cannot use facts for another field . It is different for ubderstanding ideas and concept . It is flexible . You can adjust to whatever you want . Understanding ideas and concept have lots of benefit for studying . It would be easy to remember . You can use ideas or concept if study fields are related . You can use information that you understand easier to studies .
(TEL,medium) I disagree with the statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' . There are so many reasons and examples to support my opinion . It is each and every one 's responsibilily to help their community . Young people have to spend some time to help their community . In so many communities there are so many poeople do not have minimum requirements like food , cloths and shelter . Youth people should take forestalls to prevent the spread of this to future generations . My personal experience is that I saw so many people who are young in participating the social development activities . Even though youth is busy with their works they know that the nation 's development depoends on the individual development of all communities . Generally Young people inspire by their patriots and the social workers . For example in our city I observed so many poeopole who are trying improve the literacy and ameliorate the lives of fetid slum areas . Really I impressed by them alot . So it is necessary to young people to help their community .. Then only natiion 's development will occure . Nowadays life became very busy . But it should not affect our participation in helping our community . We have to share our time for all the things . Young people are spending their time improve the way of life of poor and they also increase their time to involve in social developoment . Finally I conclude that it is necessary to give enough time to helping their community .
(TEL,high) Nor fate nor chance nor any star commands Success and failiure not but lies in your hands This is the mantra that seems have driven successful people over the year . Continuous improvement and the quest for it is the single most important factor that drives people to achieve the impossible . How much ever a person likes a particular thing and however brilliant he might be at it , if the need to improve continuously is lacking he would ultimately be bored of such a job and will fail to give his best . The very fundamental truth of life revolves around the fact `` no risk no return . '' The leading example of a successful man is Mahatma Gandhi , a person who could have easily chosen to lead a simple and happy life as a lawyer in South Africa . However , he chose to come back to India and fight for freedom of his people against all odds . Without his determination and guidance India would not have been freed . Another example would be Mother Teresa who worked day after day to help the poor and the underprivelaged . As any other human being she could have chosen to lead a normal and happy life but that would have made all of us call her a mother To explore new opportunities one needs to go out of his way and face uncertain circumstances and figure out ways to emerge victorious . Only when one believes that failiure is not an option in an uncertain environment would he actually give his cent percent and emerge successful . As necessity is the mother of all invention taking risks and being exposed to an uncertain atmosphere is the main element necessary to becoming succesful . However , taking on new risks and challenges is not the only ingredient in making a successful man . It should be combined with other qualities like willingness to learn , courage and above all belief in himself . This stresses on an important concept called calculated risks , which effectively mean risks which a person needs to take in a planned way . The problem should be analyzed and then broken down into components , and each component should then be individually attacked .
(JPN,medium) Successuful People Everyone wants to be successful and gets wealth ; however , being successuful is not easy thing . Successful people would effort to develop their career skills when they are young , and also they would still push themselves to focus on doing important things for them . There are two kinds of way to be successful people : trying new things and taking risks . Not evryone can try new things , because they would get nervous or be scared to start new things . Successful people are not afraid to try new things , sometime they even enjoy to do them . For instance , successful people learn another language , study hard what he / she wants to be for the future , and try to make new friends who are international students . Because they knew that it is important to know about worldwide information . However , people would be successful if they only try new things , because if people take risks that only doing what they already know , they will be more confident . It will lead you to be successful . For example , they live in foreign country to study for the future . Of course they would not know yet how to deal with foreign people , because of language . So even though a person knows that studying in foreign country is difficult , if the person goes to abroad to study , the exprimence leads the person to be successful . Therefore , trying new thing and taking risks make people to be successful .
(HIN,high) `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' . This could be a well said joke . I totally disagree with the statement . How is it possible when every quarter a car manufacturer roll out a new model . Is it possible in the era when a car manufacturer is about to develop and market a car which would be in reach of the common man who currently rides a bicycle . I wish the statement would have been true but my minds says `` In your dreams '' . The growth one sees in the automobile market is extraordinary . There is such a stiff competition all around that even if one of the manufacturer is out , there are 3 other 's who are in fray to capture it and thus increase their customer share . Let me introduce an example to enhance my claim . I would consider the Indian market for this . In India , a decade ago there was only one car giant called Maruti Udyog Limited ( MUL ) . Even MUL has consolidated its position by throwing out old indegenous players like Hindustan Motors or foreign players like Fiat . In less than 5 years of gaining supremacy MUL faced stiff challange from local manufaturers like TATA Motors or foreign companies like Daewoo , Hyundai , General Motors , Honda etc . Cut to 2006 , we see hundereds of car models flooded in Indian market and many more roaring to get in . In a time when people are saying that globalization is at its best do we see this trend to decline . No ways ! Its ought to increase . Let me introduce yet another point to strengthen my argument . Today the cost of living across the world is at very high . People are lavishly spending money on the materials they like to posses and belive me this is a trend which is not going to stop . Generation by generation it has continued and it will do so for the next twenty , thirthy or hundered years . As a result people will buy cars to show of their status and thus unkowingly support me in my claim . People may argue my point with the fact that fuels i.e. petrol and diesel are rapidly depleting and with depleting fuel reserves it would be difficult for cars to survive for next tewnty years and thus reducing the number of cars . But with the advancement of technology , today , market is flooded with hybrid cars which can run both on conventinal fuels as well as electricity . I agree that this may be expensive option currently but the pace with which technology is progressing and the amount of competition the market has , I see a drastic reduction in their prices . Once the prices are down how can we stop people from buying cars which would be their best bet in terms of money and in terms of reducing pollution . Thus , I would reiterate that in the shrinking world of globalization the days are not far when we will be out there buying a small size car to move rapidly between diffrent rooms in our homes . Now , with such an encrhoachment , do we see that in next twenty years there would be fewer cars . Again my mind says , `` IN YOUR DREAMS '' .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the following statement because if we as students are to learn and understand ideas and concepts we need to learn the primary facts . Without facts learning something won  t be useless but it will be hard to understand . Facts tell us about something real that happened or is happening now . Fact or non-fiction talks mostly on the subjects history and science . In my point of view why would we need ideas if the facts have all the ideas we need to write down . Concepts like Renaissance ( French for rebirth ) and atom are all history and science concepts so the concepts would be useless without the facts being laid in front of you . A student for example might know what an atom or proton is but would they know the complete definition or where the word originated from . He might also have an idea of the Renaissance but he might not know the main ideas of the Renaissance like famous people like Leonard da Vinci or Michaengalo or origination of the concept . The facts we read and write are all necessary for student to fully understand and idea or a concept . Also a student might have trouble defining a certain concept on a history exam or test . He or she might pass with a 60 or 61 but what would have happened if he or she knew the facts and got a 70 or 80 . Also a student may get an assignment about identifying the main ideas without his or her textbook . He or she may not have read the page of his textbook and might not know a thing about the assignment and get a 0 or 50 . If he had studied the most important facts in his textbook he would have gotten a 90 or 100 . All the things I am talking about explains the need to know facts in order for a student to understand the words idea and concept .
(ITA,medium) Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . As far as I am concerned , I 'm agree with this statement for three main reasons : Firstly , I think that a person is successful because he or she takes risks . In fact in the business world if you do something you would obtain a good result to be a successful person . So you can obtain a good result only if you take one or some risks . For example in a company you are an important manager and your work is always perfect . But you want to take a promotion and so you take a risk : you change your type of work and so your results become different . If your leader appreciate your new work you will take a promotion but if your work is n't good you wo n't take a promotion . Secondly , risks are beautiful because a static work is not as nice as a very active work with a lot of risks and changes . In fact I think that you will become a successful person only if you do a very active work . For example Bill Gates is a very successful person but he is successful only because years ago he took a big risk : in fact he created a computer company and he spent a lot of money in this work . So he took a risk and now he is a very successful and rich person . Finally I think that the succesfful people are people who manage our world while the other people wait and see . In fact our world is so beautiful because some successful people have created a lot of things for our life . For example some successful people have created cars and airplanes to make our life more confortable . In conclusion my opinion is that try new things and take risks are very important because if you do this you will become a very successful person . Otherwise you are a normal , static person .
(TEL,medium) The topic is about `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . I agree with the statement for the following reasons . The younger poeple will enjoy in their age as they have more strength and enthusiasm than the old people . The old people feel that there life is over and they had nothing to do . As the life is begining for them , they do not have problems as the old people have they will enjoy themselves by spending time with friends , family , and playing sports in their leisure time . They do n't have any body to care at that time . They enjoy a lot during classtime also by cracking jokes on professors . They have more fun by going to parties with friends . As they are energetic and interested in many things they will enjoy by doing things what they want . They will not feel about the future , they always think about the present . They will enjoy the life of young age by doing mischeivous things as they are not matured as old people . They dont care about other people . As the life is almost over for old age people they always think about the past and as they did not have much energy they ca n't enjoy what the young people enjoy . The old people always thought about there family and theur hard ships rather than their enjoyment . As there is saying `` once the age gone it will not regain back '' , once the young age is over it will not come , so we have to enjoy at that period . Some old people think that they had n't have enjoyment in their young age , so one should have enjoyment in their young age as the age goes on we cannot retain our enjoyment . As the time is not regained we have to enjoy at the right time . So I conclude that the younger people enjoy life more than old people . My view is that we have to enjoy when there is ability to enjoy , it doesnot come back when the time is over and we lost lot in life .
(KOR,medium) Have you ever uncomfortable feeling , when you watch the mass media because of news ? There are so many news and new information in mass media such as newspaper , TV , radio . Some time , we should think about whether it is true or not . Because most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . For the person who wants know , there are couple of reasons . First of all , most advertisements try to emphsize the good point more than weak point . Eventhough it is not good for body and it has troublesome , they just want to sell the product . For instance , as you know the fast food is not good for health . However , the company which product the fast food , they usually hide the fact which can make problem to body like as cancer . Specially , for children , they can be addict the fast food because they just see the advertisement which looks delicious . Second of all , the advertisements can advertise the thing into wrong way , It means the true can be hide by force . In illustate , there are sepecific rumor about newpaper company in my country . That is about bad connect between goverment and newpaper . Actually , nobody do n't know the fact . but the certain thing is that they usually good speech about goverment . In addition , the fact is different depends on the view . In fact , the advertisements or some group can be abuse the power to show . Because , when the power consider the thing , the thing can be easilly follow the power role . In conclusion , there are two reason about mose advertisement can make products more good than thy really are . One is they always try to show their good point , and another one is they can abuse their power into wrong way . According to this reasons , we can think about that when we read newpaper and watch the advertising , we need more caution to care the fact . Thus , we need to grow abillity to disthingulish the fact which is true .
(CHI,medium) Nowadays , one of the most intriguing issues is that whether the majority of the advertisements makes their merchandise look much better than they really are . As far as I am concered , I agree with this opinion , with three follwing reasons . Firstly , the advertisers attracts the public attentions by making full use use of the `` clarity effect '' . Although the cost on the super stars is always unbelievably high , the producers can also gain profit by the advertisement acted by the clarity . It is true that since the super movie star or singer appeared in the advertisement on the screen , people have memorized the product because of their favorable clarity and are probably buy the product . But unfortunately , the public know little about what they have bought . Secondly , the advertiser aggrandizes the function of the products sometimes . For example , an advertisement mentions that you can keep all day long energitic by drinking an energy drink . In other words , you are still active even after you stay up for 24 hours . If so , why does the scientists always mention the importance of the 8 hours sleeping time ? Lastly , the advertiser sometimes emphasize one its benefit of the product but deliberately ignore the negative effect . A brand of medicine to keep fit points out in its advertisements how much weight you can lose after a couple of weks . However , the medicine has a bad effect on the nerves of the takers to prohibit their desire to take food . All in all , most advertisements make their products seem much better than the originals . Although it will add the profit for the producers , in the moral light , it is a deceving behavior for the public .
(HIN,medium) The question being asked is that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide is good or bad . This topic is very interesting because i like travelling very much . In my opinion , it is the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide and i am agree with this topic . The first reason , why i prefer this is because if you are travelling in a group along with the the tour guide , you are very much in secure hand . I think this because in a group , there are lots of peoples around you . They are always there to take care of one another . But , when you are travelling alone , it might be hard for someone . Another reason is that you get more knowledge about the specific place . Tour guide is there to explain the history of some specific place that are important for the sight seeing point of view . Others group members are there to give their ideas about the place . The reason is that , which is very important in my point of view is you enjoyed very much in group rather than individual . For example . if you are going for the long tour in group for like 1-2 month , that group become like a family and you have not to worry for the unusual situation . The tour guide explains everything so well that you can get more information about thet particular things . when you are travelling along , sometimes you missed very important places to visit especially when you are going to new place . In the conclusion , i think i am correct in choosing that topic .
(KOR,low) I support this maintain . for several reason first of the reason , we live in world that is changing world is changing now and it was changing our world always has generation gap for this reason , it is different that student and other peoples ' idea and concept second of the reason , there are many people in this world so it is not similar , all people , live in this world it is different that student and other people most important , student want to other people 's love and understand to them idea and concepts third of the reason ,
(TUR,medium) Humanbeings are created with many abilities in order to live more confident in the world even if there are difficulties for them . One of the essential period of humans is when a person becomes a student . Although it is believed that understanding ideas and concepts such as theoratical speakings and generalizing common subject are more important than learning the facts for students , I do not share the same idea becuse it is not the ideas that students really live with in all aspects of their lives . Firstly , ideas and concept of a certain subject emphazises student that they have to know of a manner only in the knowledge base . However , knowing a subject in the view of theoratical issue does not provide a student enough succession in his/her entire life . Ideas and concept are useful for background education . Since it is difficult to change or disobey the rules that are gained by ideas and concepts , it forces student look in a narrow view to the knowlege . In contradiction , the ideas and concept can be gained by learning the facts . For example , if a student works on a project which is about an experiment of chemistry , student can learn much easier by practically doing the experiment rather than reading the ideas and the concepts of the experiment from the book . Reading only gives a background for the experiment and predicts what happens in that experiment theoratically . Hence , learning the facts are superior than gaining ideas and concepts . In conlusion , since gaining idaeas and the concepts for the students can be only theoratical and not predictive , learning the facts directly are much important for a student in his / her education .
(CHI,high) What are students going to school for ? Do they learn the thing that are nescessary for them ? Students are asked to understand ideas and concepts from the subjects they are learning . They are also asked to learn facts from past experiences . However , which one is the thing they need more , understanding ideas or learning facts ? In my opinion , understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students . To begin with , students go to school because they need to gain knowledge that are needed for their future . Student should be able to understand that the ideas and concepts of the subjects they are studying , so that they will understand the subjects easier . For example , the use of a mathematical formula , the rule of a chemical equation . Without the understanding the ideas and concept , they do not know how to use it and when should they apply it on . As being a student , I think that when student have the ideas and concepts of something , they will eventually understand the facts of something too . Since a fact of an event or object is actually the result of the development of a centain kind of ideas and concepts . In the other word , ideas and concept are the basic requirement for student to learn a facts . Moveover , some people think that learning facts is more improtant for students than understand ideas and concepts . It is because they believe that facts is more easier for students to understand something nesscessary for thier life . But their never understand that facts can only tell use the surface of somethings , not the meaning that are behind them . In conclusion , it is improtant for students to know both the ideas and concepts and facts of what they are learning . However , ideas and concepts are the basic elements for them the study a subject . Facts may not be able to show the main point they need to know . As a result , student should focus on the ideas and concepts before they take the next step to learn the facts .
(JPN,low) I disagree with this question . I think older people could enjoy life more than young people . Old people can feel various things deeply beause of their experience . The things they do not feel interesting in youg age will change enjoyable . Older people knows things more than young people . That knowledge make their width of joy expand . For example , I think watching picture is typical . The young people who can be interesting in watching picture would be less than old people . Watching the audience in musium proof it . Young people are difficult to find out the atomospher , sence , deepth from just watching picture because of their shortness of life . But old people will be able to feel life of writers just watching picture with hinking of own life . This kind of enjoy is calm but very deeply , and this can not do young people . And old people , in main case , have grandson or granddaughter . I do not have children . But when I was in childhood , I often played with my grandfather . He loved me so much as if there are no other treasure for him . Visiting his house , he always wellcomed to me with very nice smile . Thinking of this , having grandson and meeting , playing with them is not only fun but also joy of life . This enjoy is only feel old man . Young people never feel this . Young people actually enjoy life . Playing sports , drinking with friends , etc . But I think the real enjoy for life would be for old people .
(HIN,high) I disagree with the statement `` Young people do not give enough time to helping their communities '' . You can find youngsters doing commuty services at college , at the welfare clubs and anywhere they find themselves needed . College is main area of such service centres . They have their own groups there that does works like collecting funds from students for a worthy cause , or conducting any event , may it be cultural or academic to raise the money for a need . I would like to quote something related to the recent `` tsunami '' attack that killed lives of many . There were casualties and loss of properties and the poor people who live in coastal regions were badly affected . Our college group , who wanted to help the victims , raised a `` Contribute some and Save them '' event to raise money , and it colleceted a gross amount nearing eighty thousand . It would be small , when only one college is considered , But when all the colleges in that area are considered its a substantial sum . Its even amazing how much such events in colleges throughout the country would have acquired . Another instance to quote is the recent `` Blood Donation '' camp that was organised by the youth club in my locality . The event was done with guidance and it was a huge success . People , mainly youngsters - both boys and girls participated whole heartedly . And it surely would save lives . Not only at college or residential area , even at our workplace such services occur frequently - may be blood donation camp , may be raising money for a cause , or maybe visiting a hospital or an orphanage . These visits include spending time the children in orphanage and making them smile and doing cultural perfomances to give them a good time . Or hospital visit - majorly to help in soothing the patients and hearing their problems . Both visits end up in donations being made to them . These show that youngsters are doing community services very good .
(JPN,medium) We can choose the way to trip from going alone or going as a group wity a tour gude . When you make the plan of trip , which do you choose ? Someone will say that going as a group with a tour guide is the best way , because a tour guide tell any infomation and there are no time to make the plan of tour . A tour guide will provide much infomation , but I can not agree with this opinion . Trip is my own event , there are my preference . I want to make own plan . Time schedule is not free , and it is hard to care group members if I go on a trip as a group . The tour has the program , a tour guide explain about history or any infomation , then I can not change it . If it differ from my preference , the tour will be boring . It means waste of money and time . Preference of people is various , then it is not the best way to going on a trip as a group . The time schedule is decided in a group tour , it is not free . When I want to take many picture , if I go alone , I can take freely . However , if I go as a group , a tour guide will tell us the time to back . I can not enjoy if there are time schedule that someone decided . The travel as a group has many members . I have to care about their feeling or preference and talking . It is hard . When I go on a trip , I want to reflesh . The effort of caring members makes me tired . It is not good trip . It is better to going alone . As I mentioned above , I can not agree with the opinion that the vest way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . When I go on a trip , I would like to go alone rather than go as a group . I can make the schedule depend on my preference , and make free time schedule . In addition , there are no fere about members .
(GER,medium) In my view , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many acafeimic subjects . Of course there are some disadvantages of broad knowledge because it means a greater investment of time and tuition . Howvever , there are even more compelling advantages that I want to explain . I think broad knowledge is effecticely for many areas of the life . First , you have a common core of knowledge with other students . If you are an international student you need to communicate in many parts of life . Broad knowledge makes it easier to have an intellectual exchange with other people . In opposite , specialization leads to a narrow view of things . This people are not informed about a lot of things so they cannot share their knowlegde with other people . An additional point is that broad knowledge increases the opportunities of careers that you can choose from during life . From the beginning of their studies , people often do not know what they want to make in their futures . Therefore , broad knowlegde of many academic subjects offers more career opportunities than specialization . Perhaps , it helps or shows you a direction in what their job should be in the future . Of course , people often change their jobs in their entire lives , maybe because of their own decision or other circumstances . In this case , broad knowledge can find another interesting job . Finally , you get more opportunities for leisure time . This means , that you are interested in a lot of things because broad knowledge provides a lot of aspects of life . Later , educated people , when they are older , they will retire their jobs so they can spend their time on their hobbies that they have developed during their studies of many academic subjects . In short , I think it is good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . First , you get exposure to a lot of things . Second , you can choose between many careers . Finally , you get a broad view of leisure time .
(SPA,medium) I completely agree that most advertisementes make products seem much better than they really are . I guess this has become a common way of plubicity to all kind of products . Commonly the publicity agentes are ordered to make the products look better in order to make the client obtain a lot more costumers . This publicity agents use a lot of technics to make the products look better , for example they use especialized software like photoshop to increase the size of the product or make it brighter , or maybe an artificial imitation of the product that not necesarly have same texture of look . Eventhough one can observe this situation mostly on food products . The Fast Food has become a product that often make advertisementes that make food look a lot of more better than they really are . For example the big chain of fast food restaurants often show some pictures of each of the products they offer so the person can make his/her choice by observing the picture . When the food is delivered to the costumer he/she notice that the appereance of the real product is not even close to that one shown in the picture , for example , the person can get a smaller hamburguer or maybe a different type of bread in a sandwich . More over the fast food , this situation has been increasing in all types of products like tooth paste , detergent or even cloth or shoes . Sometimes when a person sees an advertisement comercialising shoes , they commonly look softer and more confortable than they really are , when the person gets into the shop and fit them often notice that the shoes were not as good as they look on televison . This certainly is a problem that is sourrounding us and overall is making people lose a lot of time . I think there should exist some kind of reagulation that could control the content of the advertisements , so people always can receive what they are looking , in that way there would be less problems of reclamations , and it will be reflected in the reputation of the companys .
(KOR,low) I agree with this opinion that succeful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they arleady know to do well . The reason i agree with this opinion is that succcss has something to do with people 's mind . if someone trying to something that they want to it , they can make success someday . Another reason is that trying to make success by developing own personality . For example , i usually rode a bike to go to school , once time i trid to drive my father 's car , when i first took a car , it is really difficult for me to handle a car , but the more i drive , the easier and more intrested . However , somepeople make their own success by doing only one way because they ususlly do it onething that they already know how to do well . In conclusion , people who try to do new things is good .
(GER,medium) With new useful inventions or working methods someone can make much money in less time . The question is , if this person needs tu be risky or not - or if someone who does it the old `` normal '' way , could not succeed . First of all in my opinion everybody can be very successful in every little job or things he does . If he wants to , he will do good and will not need some new ways or risks to work it out with more success . He perhaps will last longer for that thing he wants to reach but he will reach the end much more safer . If you dare more like other companies , do not mean that you risk more . You can check and double check and if your idea is not good , you can try again . In modern world nobody will throw a new product on market without several tests of customers . Everybody tries to reduce the risk to a minimum . On the other side a really new idea needs a big starting amount . This big investition does not guarantee the profit and the success . This of course could then open a door to a higher level of money but is very risky , because nobody can say , if people will accept the new product or not . In the fast changing internet and mobile world , often you just have to be the faster one and this person . New inventions like ebay are able to have millions of customers , it is just the idea , that counts . In conclusion I think it is not necessary for a new company to be risky or to dare too much . First of all you have to check the guarantee of success and if the idea of the company is good , the success will come in a much more safer way .
(KOR,medium) It is true that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . There seems a lot of reseons , I think two reasons are the most resonable ; short of time due to studying and selfish minds . First , these days young people are usually students or rookies . They have to study and work all day long and even during weekens , so they can not pay attention to their commmunities . Moreover their parents urge them only to make good grades in schoos and make a success in companies rather than mulling over the ploblems of societies or finding the ways to contribute to communities as members of the socities . Second , the young people are being raised in affuluent circumstance these days . They are usually the only child or have just one sibling in their homes , so they do n't know the poverty or difficulties of others , and they don ' t konw how to help others . Almost all parents raised their chidren as `` price or princess '' . Accodigly , they are accustomed to be treated like that , which makes them have selfish minds . In short , as I mentioned above , lack of time to look around the societies and selfish minds make them not give enough time to helping their communities .
(SPA,medium) I think it depends how you want to travel and where are you going ? . When I go with my family I prefer to travel without having a tour guide . And also if I want to see some specific places or visit some friends . Because when you go with a group which are ledding by a tour guide , you have to do what the guide says , and you have to go where the guide goes . And sometimes I prefer to do what I want at the time that I want . Usually this kind of traveling [ by a tour guide ] it can be a little bit boring , even more if you do not understand what does the guide is saying . And also it could be tired . For example there is a schedule in this kind of trips . You have to wake up early in the morning otherwise the guide and the group will leave and they wo n't wait for you . And then you have to do what it says in the ittinerary . Of course if you want to know different places , for example Europe and you go with a group with people in your age , I think it could be really funny and great . Because at the time you are knowing new places , knowing about different cultures , you are making new friends . And in this case you do not waist so much time looking for the places or asking where to find what you are looking for . Also in this kind of trips you know more places in less time . Because they already know the important places and the routs that we should take . I agree , fortunately I did this way to travel twice and I will do it again if I have the oportunity . Any way of traveling is good , of course if it is for fun or culture .
(KOR,low) Did you hear that if you want to succeed in our socialty which find new something . In fact , many people is our competitor such as friend , classmate , and company 's person . Nowadays , peolple connect to information through the internet , radio , culb , and television . We can think common think or have same item . If you like adventure you take the new item to have find new things and take risks rather than already know how th do well . Successful people have the stratigy . They have the future plan , and not common idea , that is creative something . In my case , i take the already know how to do well because i do n't like the risk . I want to follow the already know and I think to plus other stratigy . Sometime I think that I want to challenge in my life and want to change my life stlye . However , the most inportant thing is that stable life . I think that successful prople must have enough money . If I try to find new item I have enough time and money . We do n't know about the new things success and lose . I recommand that in case of first business you take the already know how to do , and you have already siccessful business and enough money and have truthly friends youcan take new job for yourself . In concludsion , I think it is better to take already know to do well . Everything try to fine new something is good but I think better you can know to use it how to do well .
(TUR,medium) Homenkind always need success to reach good life standards therefore succes is a very important aspect of human life . Everyone has different point of views about the idea of being successful . Some assume that , trying new things and taking risks is better than making what they do well , in contrary to those some assume that , doing what you already how to do well is better . I personally agree with the first idea . These are my following reasons . Firstly , success is related with gaining new experiments and making new changes . Everyone needs to change and must develop their self . For devoloping and advanceing , sometimes people takes lots of risks . Because when you are trying a new and unmaked thing you can loose your other qualifications . I think that , a successful person should be creative . For that reason , these people should make new experiments that others ca n't do . Because they have ability and they are capable to do this . History is full of with those courages people . In addition , successful people should be hardworking and persist . They should always want to invent new things and should always be inclined to changeing . For example , there are lots of scientists in the history that they established the worlds unknown rules . We can give Albert Einstein for an example . When he was at school he was n't a perfect and brillant student . Just because when he was at he classroom he always has thinked about the worlds existance any any other unpublished stuff . After years he discovered lots of things about thhe enviroment and he became one of the most well-known scientist in the history . The last but the least , when anybody changeing his or her expertise , he or she takes a lot of risk . If people attend to discover new things , they sould educate other people around them and share their informations about their expertise . Furthermore , when you are trying to make a new thing in many ways you should delete your ex-career . Also , in your new direction you may not get succed . In that position you might loose your respect , money and selfconfidence . On the other hand , if you succeed then you would be more valuable member of your community . All in all , as i said before successfull people should try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well . I hope humankind does n't disregard what I mentioned .
(HIN,high) The question that who enjoys most ; an older person or a young lad , is debatable . On one hand older person are said to be wise and experienced that they take everything seriously while on the other hand younger ones are called as the care free . They are seen enjoying life as none other does . In my view it the younger generation who enjoy their life . There are difficulties in life which every one has to suffer and solve . At the tender age the children are totally free from tensions and play within themselves unaware of the worldly problems . Till the age of teens the main task to them is to study and make the building block of future life . They enjoy their every moment while studying , interacting with new friends and preparing for their next school class . Next stage is the time of earning and spending for themselves . These people go to theaters and enjoy art . They go to parties and keep them themselves aloof of the responsibilities . Dancing to the tunes of Saturday NIght and Summer of 69 . Riding bikes and cars and doing whatever they want . While on other hand older people get workoholic . They work most of the time and find it hard to spare time for them and for their family . In run to earning the living to live and fulfill the needs . Older people cover most of their life in similar fashion getting themselves engaged in monotonous routine of office to home and home to office . After a certain age they have time and money to do whatever they like but what lacks is that they do not have the energy and company to do things of their choice . Retirement life brings again a life of boring routine where they find no one to talk to . Thus instead of enjoying thier life they become even more tensed . Various disease and ailments also contribute to their tensions . So from the above points discueed I believe that the best time to enjoy life is the young age . Younger generation extraxt the enjoyment most from their life .
(KOR,medium) I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . I do not think it is true because there are many reasons i think that older people enjoy their life more . The first reason why i do not disagree that statement is that It is depends on what is personalty the people have . there are young people who does not really like to do something and just be alone . I do not think they are really enjoying theirn life . On the other hand , there are some old people who really like to go out and hang out with their friends . my host mother is an example of old person who enjoys her life even more than me. she is in her 60s now and she loves to go out with her friends and go shopping . when she doen not have work to do she always make a appoinment with her friends to do something . she never like to be home all day doing nothing . The second reason is that there are lots of things that allow old people do but not for young people . generally old people has more time and money than young people have . young people have to study if they are still in school . and they get certain money from their parents so they do not really have lots of money to go out all the time . for example , my mom and dad love to travel other countries with their friends and they do have money to afford it . Of course I want to travel with my friends too but i do not have money for it . In conclusion , I do not think the statement is right . enjoying the life is depends on how the person 's personality is like . And there are a lot of things that allows only old people do .
(ITA,medium) Nowadays making new things is not so easy ; we live in an hyper-technological society where most of the things we have to do every day are assisted , controlled and in some cases partially performed by on or some technological devices . To create a new thing in the situation I have described above requires a lot of knowledge , but this is not enough . A succesful person , an `` inventor '' , should have also the right idea at the the right time and he or she should take all risks about his or her new thing . In my opinion , new things can be realized only if someone starts to look further than what has already been created , written , seen and so on . New things came directly from new perspectives or also from new needings . Moving along a path that it has n't been created yet can led to some risks , but a person who want to create something new ca n't avoid that something goes wrong at a certain moment . Surely if you follow what had already been written or limit your knowledge only about those things which had already been created you will not have such problems , but you will never be a successful person . I think that it 's better to take risks trying to do something different than have
(GER,high) This essay tries to provide a closer look to the question if successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . To start with a variation of a common place : There are usually many different roads to success in a variety of fields like life , work , and business , to name the most popular ones . When being young , people tend to explore themselves and their surroundings by ways different from the others . Even if they are not trying new things , they imagine themselves as being different from the older ones . For young people , this imagination can be a strong drive for achievement and enables them to take risks . These could support them in the end up to be more successful than others . Nevertheless , success always depends not just on oneselve but on a couple of features and factors , for example , the actings of others , I believe . The lonesome cowboy who is just doing things his way and being successful by doing so belongs rather to the realm of dream than to everyday reality . Adapting to the given circumstances by living in a human surrounding means to learn , to understand and to be influenced by the way other people handle things . Moreover , human interaction and therefore the handling of everyday includes the idea of being organized in systems . Outstanding or non-fitting elements can be excepted and exist only for a limited time before becoming unbearable . If one knows to handle things in a successful way suiting the social and natural environment , one surely can be successful by sticking to a particular approach for a long time . The Coca Cola Company is one of the best examples for people who know how to do well because they stick to the basic recepy of the beverage known as Coca Cola . At the same time Coca Cola tries to do new things and takes risks by mixing new tasts and flavours . So success always is a mixture of both , I believe : to learn from others how to do things well and to try new things and take risks . Sometimes it is wise to tend a bit more to the one aspect and then there are times to lean to the other side - just like Goethe said : Known things and ways have to be preserved in order to see and understand new things and ways .
(KOR,medium) I personaly think that there are substantial number of people who think this statment is true and I am one of them . The retionale behind this is that the advertisment is the best way to introduce new product and let potential custers get attention to the products . Consequently leading the public to buy this product is the final goal . In order to make the people come and buy the products , advertiment should be more impetus and sensational and advetisment make products seem much better than they really are . Advertising company use a celebrity to advetise the goods becuase people can easily think that if the celebrity uses a certain product , the goods are good enough to buy and people can get the wrong percetion about a product only because the celebrity uses . For example , in my country , many advetising companies use one famous commerical star whose name is Ji-Hyun Jeon becaus all the items which she advertised made great sales . The public regards all the items that she uses as higher-quality than they actually are . I think the celebrity 's word on th TV commerical makes the products look better . Moreover , the advertisment is itself very costly . So the advetisements should be enough to get attention wihin a short time or small space with expressions that can let the people get imagation that the products are good to buy . For this reason , the companies use computer graphic to make the products . To illustrate , I have a bad experience that I bought the ear rings online becuase the products of on line adveristment looked so fancy and I was very temping to buy and bought . However after I recived the actual products , I was so upset . In a nutsell , for these reasons , I strongly agree this statemtn and advetisment shoud be improved for fair
(TUR,medium) It seems to me that specialising on one subject is much more important than knowing many different subjects but not being specialize on any of them for many reasons . It is clear that having the knowledge of so many different academical subjects is really important thing . By this way , people may gain the speciality of looking at a subject from different point of views and expressing their opinions on many different areas , however expertising on an academical subject is much more important than knowing lost of thing without being specialised on any of them . In the first place , since the people who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects will not be an expert for any of the acadecimcal issues that they know , always there will be someone who are better than them and nobody will require their knowledge about that academical issues . In my opinion , knowledge is to be used and to make it be used , you should know it very well . It is not possible to gain benefit from that knowledge if you just have some broad knowledge about it both economically and personally such as gaining people 's appreciation . In the second place , the main motivation behind learning an academical issue is improving the current level of society . If someone do not have a deep knowledge on an academical issue , he cannot put something on account about that issue and cannot be a useful for his society . It seems to me that whatever someone do , he should do the best . In this context , if someone is not very good on a subject , people will not evalute them according to the other subjects that he know , both the society and themselves will not get a much benefit of their knowledge without being specialized on it .
(SPA,medium) I agree with the stament that `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' , for the following reasons : first af all , learning is not a steady situation , learning is a dynamic process , and to be successful you never stop learning , and in this process you gain experience , and maintaining working the brain with new challenges is the best work out to became successful , trying new things and taking risks is a kind of learning . Second , if you knew more , then you are better prepared , furthermore you can apply your vast knowledge to your every day activities , and this allows you to go with new ideas and improve what you use to do , and also solve problems more easily than the people who do n't like to think . Third , Take risks is also a great tool in the learning process , and it drives you to be better in life , because if you do n't take risks is like you are not doing anything , and if you do not anithing you may not make mistakes , and another way to learn is from your mistakes , and also this is a dynamic process which allows you to improve your life and became successful . fourth , people who just do the things that they already know how to do well is because they lack of imagination , and they look like robots , following mechanically what they have learned . fith , active and smart people always are trying to do differents things , and their personality most of the time shows confidenty in what they are doing , more over it is contageous in the positive way . For all those reasons explained above I think that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
(TUR,high) The humankind always should invent and use new products to be the modern person therefore using new products is an impotant aspect in humankind 's life because it could harm the humankind . I personally do n't agree with idea of making the product advertisements much better than they really are . These are my following reasons . First of all , The humankind always need to intelligent in different situations but not selling the bad product with a very nice advertisement to sell more than they plan to . All the people would like the product advertisements which are most of lie . For example , I have listened and watched to an advertisement of a new toothpaste that showing the new product as a very efficient thing for your mouth health . But when I had listened to the radio I have figured out that the new product is a just typical toothpaste that do n't have any additional ingredients rather than the regular toothpastes . In my opinion Humankind should do more important things that could develop our generation rather than selling typical products with good advertisements . In addition to this , The humankind should'nt believe to the advertisements that are not lying on proofs , For example , A person wants to buy a shampoo that he has got used to but he sees a new product that is the half price of the shampoo he got used to , Would n't he just try out once because of the price no matter his or her budget is . In my opinion we all do try it once before we buy the product wer used to buy . This is a very efficient point that a lot of people have been missing or ignoring . Not only the money but also the power of it could do whatever the product owners do . For example , Have you ever seen an expensive new product in markets . The new products are always the products which are cheaper than a dozen . The last but at least is that the most important thing we should not ignore is education level of the people because of believing the new product 's advertisements . It has been always a stereotype that the cheap new products have no difference with regular products . In my opinion if the humankind needs and wants to reach higher , they should educate the people rather than telling them lies about unnecessary product advertisements . Not only this generation or the next but also a lot of generation is going to live in this world . That 's why we should start to change our attitudes to reach higher . I 'm not telling that people should not do things such as these advertisements , They should do with in a circle of limits . All in all as I said before , Humankind have more important things than making advertisements for new products to make them better than they really are with advertisements which could be the most efficient aspect to catch people 's eye on . The long and short of it is that the humankind should be interested in more important things rather than advertisements .
(FRE,medium) Travelling can be a good or a bad experience . Some people rather travel in group with a guide ledding them through attractions because it gives them more out of their trip . However , I am part of those who prefer to travel on their own . First of all , travelling with a tour guide do not give you the control of your trip . When you register for this type of trip , you have to agree that you do not have the choice to go or not at one site or to wake up early or not , because you have to follow the group . But if you plan your own trip you can decide which activity you will do or if at one point you are tired , you can relax and change your plan because you are the one in control of your schedule . Secondly , guide does not necessarly like the same thing then you , so you might not enjoy some part of your trip because you have visited places that you did not like or did activity that you did not enjoy . Travelling by your own , give you the chance to visit only things that you like or want to see , maybe you will end out not seeing as many sites or attractions as with the tour guide , but you might injoy more your trip . Finnaly , if you are travelling with a guide you cannot go as deep as you would have like in the exploration of a site or a city . The guide has to follow a schedule , so he or she cannot spend too much time on one particular attraction . If you are in a group tour and you visit a museum , you might only have one or two hours to complete the tour . But what if you are a person who likes to spend full days in the museum , you might be dessapointed , rather than on your own , you can decide how long you want to stay at the museum . Travelling with a tour guide can give a good opportunity to discover multiple places , but it would not be the type of trip I would enjoy due to the fact that I would not be in control of my personnal schedule during the trip .
(ARA,medium) In my opinion , as a student , it is very important to go deeply to parsue the knowledge in my major . However , it is also important to learn and have broad knowledge in different acadimic subjects . From my own experience , it is very crucial for me , as computer science student , to learn more and more in my major . This knowledge makes me proffessional and expert in my specialization and this in turn will benify me . For example , my grades will be high and when I graduate , I 'll have the apportunity to continue my study . Even more , if I want to work in a university or any other companies , I think it will be easy . On the other hand , the scociety , that I am living in , is not only computer science . There are many other sciences and topics I have to be a ware about . For instance , I can not imagine that I 'll sit with my friends and other people talking about some topic and I know nothing about it ! So , it is important also to have broad knolwedge about many acadimic subjects . Unfortunately , in my university it is not allowed to take subjects out of my field . If they allow that , I 'll be really happy to take subjects in accounting , art , and history . In conclusion , it is important to go deep in your major and parsue every new in it . But also it is necessary to have broad knowledge that ables you to communicate with other people .
(SPA,high) I agree or desagree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , depending on the size of the group . I desagree if the group is so big . I had the opportunity to travel with a big group to a country that nobody knew before . It was a very bad experience because the tour guide was in trouble because he was responsible for everybody and during the traveling some got lost . Some wanted to spend more time looking at other things and some wanted to take pictures and got lost , etc . So , i do n't recommend traveling with big groups . Instead , i agree that the best way to travel is in a small group led by a tour guide if it is considered the following : First , the group has not to have more than ten people . In this way , the group can be well managed according to the cirscunstances . For example , you can easily rent a van to visit some other places that are not in the itinerary or you can plan a party during the nights . Second , the people that are traveling together need to have almost the same age in order to have fun . It is not easy when you are traveling with old people that you can hurt with a simple noise or with anything that they do n't like . And third , do n't let the tour guide to take all the control over the itinerary because they can be like a father carrying little children . I have been seeing tour guides that do n't give any flexibility to the groups . Being in other countries and other cultures the group wants to experiment the new environment , especially at night if they want to have a party , and not having someone to tell yor `` time to go to bed '' .
(ITA,medium) Car is the most common transportation mean for millions of people : a passion for some , a necessity for most . Although today it does n't seem possible to eliminate the use of car , many reasons would lead to think that in the future this situation will change . As the world population grows , as the cities get bigger and industrialization reaches the underdeveloped countries , the number of cars increases constantly bringing the pollution rate , which is already unbearable in many areas , to grow even more . For it 's being shown how pollution is related to mortal illness , serious actions must be undertaken to bound this problem , and finding the way to reduce the number of cars , at least as we know them , is a primary objective . Of course major infrastructural and scientific improvements have to be pursued by Governments , spending more money and efforts into public transportation systems and logistic research . Moreover , the worldwide oil crisis ca n't be taken into account . Oil availibility is shortening every year , and in 50 years oil extraction will cost too much to be considered as the most spread fuel source . As of today , something is moving in the energy research field , and hydrogen fueled cars are on the agenda of many corporation . Though I believe that conversion from oil to hydrogen is a really long task , since the lack of facilities and infrastructure needed to complete such a big transformation . For the reasons expressed above , it is really difficult to predict the future of modern transportation , but one thing seems clear : long term , tcars as we know them , will disappear and it 's not unlikely that this process will take place in the next decades .
(HIN,medium) I am certainly agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . There are many reasons to hold this opinion . Here , I would like to explore some of them . First , successful people believe that opportunity lies in between the difficulties so even if they have to face lots of problems they will fight with them to get success . Somebody have told that no pain no gain . If you want success you have to work hard . They know that there is no alternative for the hard work so they keep on working . They know that if I keep on trying I will get success and the moto of their life is try and try but never cry . They always remember the example of the spider which try several time to climb again . Trying new thing give them confidence that will motivate them to do something different each time . Second , the success that they acheive previously always motivate them to take a chance to do something new . They donot like to do the samething for their entire life . There is always fun in trying new things and getting success . Money is also one of motivating force for successful people . I heard about many businessmen who are working in different feilds . For example , Relience group of industry is in many feild like petrolium , telecommunication , grocery stores , steel industry and many more . Not only the businessmen , actors always try new character they not always do same role . Third , successful people never stop dreaming . The always want to take a chance without being worried about the results . Like an old saying in my country `` If you want to be successful see dreams at night and wake up in the morning and work hard to make the dreams true '' . In summary , I can say that confidence , dreams and hard work rewards person with success and that why successful person keep on trying new things without being worried about risk .
(TUR,medium) Although many advertisements try to make some products seem better , I do not agree with that they are succesfull . Because the advertisements can not hide the reality . Also people investigate the products with all details before buying them . It is not very easy to make a product seem much better than they really are . So it may cause some problems which customer complain about . Some advertisements may illustrate that their pruducts have awesome results . However , the truth can not be covered forever . If you buy something which promise a good result , you may be disappointed . Because you want to see the the results which they offer in their advertisement . When you see the reality which is opposite , you will not suggest this product and it will cause to decrease the number of customers which may want to try it . Also many people investigate the products before buying . They read the comments which are about the products and they want to see some formal certificates which guarantee claims of products . So they do not believe easily to advertisements . After they finish their searchings about the products , they pay money for the products . The advertisements are used for informing people about new products and technologies . If advertisements do not reflect the realities , it can cause some problems . It can decrease the reputation of products . So the companies get difficulties to increase their profits . I believe that most people agree with me . Since life gets harder and more expensive , People think second time before buying . So the advertisements can not be very efficient if they try to make the products much better .
(GER,high) In the times of Humboldt who developed the idea of an ideal educational system that is universal in nature and combines both natural and human science subjects , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects was a true value . Today , by contrast , we can observe an increasing specialization and academic education becomes more and more focused , almost narrow minded , training people from the start only for a specific subject . While I would agree that given the amount of knowledge available on specifis issues and the scarcity in the labour market , it is important to be very knowledgeable in one particular field . Being a true expert is important in order to be able to compete with other people in the same field and to enhance knowledge and promote progress in research on that specialized field . However , specialists should not loose sight of the context in which they carry out their work and should always be aware of the broader social , economic and political implications their results may have . To give an example , one could think of the physicists or engineers that contribute to the development of nuclear energy . They surely need a very high level of expertise and an equally focused education to be able to perform sucessfully in their task . At the same time , they should be the most far-sighted individuals , aware of the responsibility the bear given the social , political and environmental risks their work might imply . Even the most specialized expert who is concerned with highly complex calculus or abstract reflexions should be educated enough and sufficiently involved in mundane issues to keep in perspective the context in which they carry out they work . Therefore , I belief that a specialist education that focuses on a specific subject from early on should always be complemented by a fundamental ( not specialized ) education about the needs of society , the complexity of political relationships and philosophical and ethical considerations .
(TEL,medium) Yes , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specialisze in one specific subject because of various reasons . If a person has knowledge about a particular subject , it is good . But if he wants to refrain himself from foraying from other subjects he should make sure that he is very thorough with that subject . Because finally he should find a job on that basis only and more ver all the academic topics are interconnected so , it imperative to have knowledgein various fields . The above option would be good only if he find a job . He should always keep in mind the different possibilities in hi carreer . He should ask himself `` what if i dont get a job in his desired field of study ? '' For example I am a mechanical engineering student . as every one knows there is a scarcity of jobs for mechanical engineers . if i continue with the same field would be left unemployed . Here I need to have an alternate option . I have my alternate option as computer sciences . I started learning some computer subjects . Now even if i donot get a job in my field of study , i may have a chance of getting it in field of computers . This would not leave me unemployed . I personally feel that being employed is better than being unemployed . This criteria not ony works for two fields of same backround , it also works for a technical background and an arts background . For example , an electrical engineer who doesnot have a job and whose hobby is singing , can survive by giving some stage shows . Which would also be considered as an employment . Moreover , broader knowlege would not leave you speechless when you are in a group . because when agroup is discussing a topic and if you are silent , you may feel embarassed with that . But if you are familiar with the topic you can also give your opinion on the topic . this is possible only if you donat confine yourself to a particular field I conclude that having a broad knowledge is better than to specialize in one subject .
(GER,medium) I partly disagree with the statement because there are several facts every student should know or learn . For example , in history classes , it is impossible to teach history comletely without learning facts that happened in the past . How should students know important dates if their teachers leave out the information ? Certainly you can combine the two methods in your classes but they should be both handled with the same importance . Moreover , facts are something the students learn in order to understand the ideas and concept behind them . To set up another example , think of the mathematician fact that one and one is two or maybe even of the theory of relativity of Albert Einstein . What concept can you learn compared to any of these facts , or what is the idea worth without the theory behind it . What I want to say is , that one is not able to live without the other in many cases . On the other hand in addition to that , it is often said that within new methods of teaching , it would be really more important for students to understand the ideas and concepts because if you once understand something you will be able to keep it longer than if you learn it by heart . That is why a lot of teachers try to help understanding some kind of process by figures or images of themselves . To draw a conclusion , in my opinion , you can not say that one thing is more importortant than the other . Learning facts by heart is of course less important nowadays than it was in the past because new strategies have been invented . I actually think that these fit together really well , because you obviously get the best result if you first learn the fact and afterwards you may try to understand the ideas and concepts behind it .
(FRE,high) Travelling is the greatest opportunity one can have . It opens up new horizons , exposes you to different cultures and opens you to a realm of exciting possibilities , all necessary to make you more open minded and a better human being . Some say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . I strongly disagree with this way of travelling . Though it has the advantage of making the planning of the trip easier , as well as showing you the major attractions of an area in a short period of time , its negative points are too great to be ignored . Travelling in a group means that you have to follow a planned schedule . Now we all know that different people have various interests , and this limits you in experiencing and seeing what you are really interested in . Also , travelling is not suppose to be routine , you should be able to decide where you want to go and when , and be able to change your intinerary according to how you are feeling that day , or depending on the weather , etc . It is true that you do get to see the main attractions of an area when travelling in a group , but you do n't get to experience the culture of the country your are visiting . Being surrounded by a group of people who roughly share your culture and social status does n't leave a lot of room to meet locals , be immersed in a different language , explore spots that are n't major tourist attractions , discover the cuisine of the country or it 's every day traditions . Having traveled a lot , I believe that the best way to travel is without an itinary or a plan , being flexible and deciding your schedule according to who you meet along the way , your discussions with locals , your interests and your feelings . Is n't that what travelling is all about , discovering a new area and culture and learning more about yourself along the way ?
(HIN,high) I completely agree with the statement because what I personally believe is that in order to succeed , one has to keep on trying new things , explore the maximum one can in his/her domain and take measured risks . Doing what one already knows certainly does not make the person successfull at all . If a person keeps on doing what he or she already knows , a time comes when that person becomes bored and frustrated and calls for a change . Moreover if he or she gets used to it , then they might have problems in migration . Exploring new avenues is really the best way to succeed as this is the only way a person can compare the statistics of what he or she is doing over times with what has been done now . Furthurmore , trying out new things helps in building up things and keeping the spirits and energy levels high as at each moment you are watching something new happening at your end . Would like to mention about Late Kalpana Chawla , an artronaut , who used to work with NASA . She is an inspiration for the people who want to succeed in life . She was one of the crew members onboard Columbia which crashed a couple of years back . The crew was supposed to perform 38 predetermined experiments , Kalpana was the only one onboared who took the initiative of performing some more research in biologocal environment , genetics , etc. and even after her death her work has been appreaciated . Bill Gates , I 'm sure that everyone knows him . He had a tendency to try out new things what others might not even think of . His business involved so much of risk that a couple of big failures might have led him nowhere . But still he kept going and today according to me he is the most successful person just because he tried out new things in his life and also he is probably the person who has had an enormous risk taking capacity . Even if you fail while taking risks , you still would learn something new that would help you in developing an instinct that wouls be very helpful for you to be on the top of the world . Just keep your spirits high .
(FRE,medium) I disagree with the statement that it is more important for sudents to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts . Facts are things that are true no matter what and in pretty much every scenario . Although ideas and concepts can vary . Ideas are what a person or a group of people believe and may not be one hundred percent concrete . Concpets can be altered , modified or even proven to be false . A fact would be , what goes up must come down . That is a proven fact . No matter where you are on earth , whatever is launched up into the air not matter how high , it will eventually come plumitting down back to earth due to the gravitational pull . An idea and concept on the other hand would be the evoluion from monkey to man . This is just an idea nothing is for certain about this hypothisis or concept . Many people may believe other wise that man kind originated from Adam and Eve and that they both lived in the garden of Eaden . Although one may be more believable then the other they are just ideas and different concepts made up from different people whom may have influeneced others . That is another problem with ideas , they can be forced upon a person . It is not like a fact which are impossible to be proven false . There for you no choice in believing it . On the other hand , an idea or concept there is reason to doubt .
(TEL,high) The issue stated by the topic is whether the students need to understand the ideas and concepts rather than learnin the facts alone . This is a very important issue because it is related to the students and the application of the knowledge they have gained in their schools . I completely agree with the statement because of various reasons . Firstly i feel that understanding the ideas and concepts is better option because the student will be able to judge by himself whether the facts are true or not instead of asking the student to blindly follow the facts which may create confusion in them . Secondly by getting familiar with the ideas and concepts . the student will better understand the outcomes of them and inturn will be able to apply them correctly . For example if the student understand the concept of gravity thorougly rather than just knowing that all the objects throw up will come down , the student is more convinced and be careful with the objects he is handeling . Another point why i feel that understanding the ideas and concepts is the right option for students is because they can retain the facts for longer period of time . For example if students understand how the facts have obtained instead of just what are the facts they can always apply the concepts and get facts . But if they learn only facts then if they forget them it will be difficult to remember . Lastly schooling is never complete if the student comes out of the educational institution with just gaining knowledge of the thing , that is just knowin facts . If the students are not able to appy them in their daily life then there wont be any meaning for the knowledge they gained . In conclusion i believe that student should understand the ideas and concepts thorougly thaught in their schools and not just merely learn the facts inorder to fulfil their education and inturn to evolve as a complete human being and be usefulto the society when they come out .
(CHI,medium) I agree with the successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . I know and heard many examples about this kind of things . I think a really successful person must be smart and honest . They can be successed in this area , because they know how to be successd in this area , but a man can not always stay and do now go forward . Successful people always want to be success in diffrent area , so they can prove themselves that they are really should be successed . First , I think many peple heard that some popular movie stars or singers also doing their own business , such as have a resteruant , clothes stores , hotels and so on . Movie stars and singers they earnd too much money than others , why they should do these things , they need more money ? or they have too much money so they just do it for fun ? I think they just want to show people that they can do everything like a regular person , they are not only have good looking or beautiful voice , they can also be succesed in other area . Actually , many of them also did very good business . So i think successful people try new things and take risks can prove themselves that they are not just lucky , or maybe they need more money . Secondly , i readed in the newspaper , a man he is really a successful business man , he is so rich , but he always try the new things . The man had many hotels , these hotels are all five stars hotels , and they are so famous all over the world . But the man open a travelling company , this is a really good idea , because first of all he can let the travelers live in his hotels , and the secondly he can earnd more money from the travelling . Now he did very good job in travelling company . After i readed this new , i really think the man is so smart , there are many travelling company and many hotels , why they can not be success but the man did both . Last but not least , people can be successed not because they are just lucky , because they work more harder than others . A successful person can always be successful if he can catch the good chance , and use this chance to be successul .
(JPN,medium) I disagree the opinion `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . '' I think the best way to travel is alone and to plan myself . Trip is not only during traveling anwhere but also during planning for trip . Where is the best place I want to go ? Where will I stay ? Where will I eat for lunch and dinner ? I think we will be happy before trip by planning about it . I have joined tour once . But tour is n't fun for me . I have two reason . First , I had to care about time always . Tour guide said , `` Until this time ! Until this time !! '' I could n't see the place I wanted to see the most . And I could n't go to see soon when I found something funny . This summer I traveled to Kyoto alone . That trip was very wondeful !! I could go where I wanted to go and eat what I wanted to eat . The most wondeful thing is I could change the plan soon . When I found some shop , temples and road , I could go there . This is god for me . So I think the best way to travel is alone and to plan myself .
(ARA,low) all of the worled intersting young people , but some of the countre dont have mone to helping chlderen cant bay maidesan and opining hospital . moust of big counteri worak to gather gave salion and consiederd all of praplam insied the worled , if the are dont gave him any importante you will see many people die in ours . Ihave been maney countri and isaw sam of contre helping peopel gave for poor famaily many and find jop to helping his famaly .
(ARA,low) Some people believe that successful people sould try new things and take risks . Others do n't . Personally , I ca n't totally agree with both . For one reason , successful people should face new things to be more skillful and adept . Moreover , they ca n't have the same routine evryday . On the other hand , they should focus on what they are good at to enhance and improve their ambitions and dreams . For the second reason , I find it delightful and glamorous to take risks specially for successful people . Because they have to be astute and wise and that will appeal by collecting data by having a new experince and a new risk . For the third reason , sometimes they should'nt take damage risks . For example , I once heared that their was a wise successful person who went to the tropical forests to take a new hazard . Unfortunatly , he ended up dead . So vividly , their are limits by having risks . Moreover i think it is compulsory to know them . For the forth reason , sometimes successful people should pursue their happiness . Because I find it outstanding to congregate and gather by having new risks . Plus it may lead you to your own ambition . For example , I was out once with family and friends I was scared of sky diving but they forced me to play it and I intrestingly I 've liked it alot . Moreover , I play ski diving evry month now . Eventually , I think trying new things has an amaizing features amaizing . However , successful people should focus on the things that they know how to do well too .
(SPA,high) I actually live in Barcelona , a city with a lot of traffic . I have a car but I usually go everywhere by public transport . I only use the car to go outside the city . However , nowdays are a lot of cars everywhere and , in general , we use the car for go everywhere . Consequently , it 's difficult to imagine a city with fewer cars . I really think that in a short period of time it will be less cars everywhere . There are a lot of reasons for think like that . The first one , is that in some years will be very expensive use the car . For example , the petroleum resources are finishing and everyday the gas price is increasing . Another example is that in Barcelona in most of the places we have to pay to park the car . This reasons make public transport cheaper in comparation with car 's price . The second reason is that in the big cities is faster go by public transport everywhere than go by car . We have a very functional and complete underway , with a lot of lines . It is also very regular , we have one every five or ten minutes . Moreover , there are a lot of underway stations in the city . If you use this stations you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park the car . On the other hand , the people who live outside the city has a lot of problems for use public transport . In most of the little cities or towns , the public transport only works one time in an hour or maybe the station is at 30 minutes walking . If this happens , it 's easier and faster go by car than use a public transport . In summary , I think that the number of cars will decrease in the big cities , with good public transport , and it will be the same in the litlle cities and towns . Unless the goverment improve the public transport overthere . In conclusion I think that it will be fewer cars in the future but it will not happen everywhere .
(TUR,high) Some people think that we need to get new experiences and even to take risks to be successful while others support that we should only do our best at our expertation without new experiencesand without risks . In my opinion , we have to obtain new experiences and take risks via contributing to technological developments by obtaining new perspectives and through increasing our performance by improving our cognitive ability or thinking . Firstly , to endeavor new things can lead to new perspectives . These perspectives can contribute to new innovations by providing improvements in the previous innovations . For example , if an engineer tries a new machine when doing his habitual job , he can contribute to the technological development and so to the humanbeing . It is inevitable to escape from taking risks to achieve such an aim . In other words , the engineer has to work under the stresses such as the lost of time and money . However , the possibility of the achievement or the possibility of the benefits of this new experince is worthful taking these risks . Secondly , the performance of people can be higher and higher in time contributing cognitive capacity by unusual taks and under stress . Thinking is an inevitable process for humanbeing and it can work better under new circumstances and especially under stress . Coping with the difficulties created by new experinces can cause even higher stress and this stress can be resulted in even higher performence . Otherwise , someone can think that there is no need for higher performance to complete his responsinilities/job . Under the perspective mentioned above , I think we have to try the things which we have never tried before and take risks continuously to be more anad more successful .
(ITA,high) Personally , I strongly believe that an academic education which spans over a number of subjects is to be preferred to highly specialised knowledge of one single topic . The first reason for this is that , according to my experience , extremely specialised academic profiles can bear to selfish and barely interactive personalities . This is the case , for instance , of highly technical degrees such as engineering or physics , which in a number of cases bring , along with a remarkable level of technical preparation in their respective fields of interest , the development of a very specialised and unflexible mindset which is ideal for solving problems in that particular area of activity , but can prove to be rather inefficient when issues outside that particular field of specialization arise . However - this being the second point in support of my opinion - situations in life are more often multi-faceted than single-faceted , and this is even more true as long as one 's activities and responsibilities grow in importance - which is exactly the case where academic education should play a key role . Just think about the issues which managers of corporations and institutions are called to face every day : most of them do not refer back to one single topic or field of knowledge , but require a mixture of skills and qualifications spanning across a wide spectrum of subjects . The more one 's education has been varied , the more he will feel confident in such a situation . Last - but not least - I see a point of personal opportunity in supporting my opinion stated above . Life is so interesting , and the fields of knowledge are so varied to be virtually unlimited : therefore , why should one restrict himself to a very small portion of such a treasure ? I would therefore conclude with a statement which I recurrently hear from the General Manager of my company when he is discussing about the ideal profile for an executive , and which sounds like `` Specialization belongs to insects : why should we stick to it ? '' The field of human knowledge is fortunately so large , and its boundaries are so rapidly broadening , that it would be a real pity to voluntariliy limit ourselves to know and appreciate only a small part of it .
(ARA,medium) There are many kinds of people in the world , some are trying to be in better place and other who accepting there life as it is , what makes the diffrence is the person him self and the dreams he has for him also the future he pictures . We often hear successful people when they talk about there experiance talking about the obstcles they faced and the risks they took to acheive what they want , so its not an easy thing to do , there are so many reasons shows that success is not an easy thing to acheive . First , you have to try new things and the more you try the more chances you get to succeed , for exampel not all atempt succeed from the first time but it could hapen in the second or third time . second , as every one knows the global concept that says `` the more risk you take the more binifits you get '' so in order to be success you have to take the risk like taking big amout os a loan to start a busines . in my openion , i think that being a successfull person need much effort than every one thinks and in rder to be success you have to take more riks than ordinary people .
(HIN,medium) In school we are been though to understand ideas and concept but there are some students who lean the facts and take it the easy way out . Most of the schools teach how it is done and why but there are some exceptions where schools teach to learn by heart . Firstly , these schools just make them know that this is the information and they are suppose to learn it . So such sitautions just make the student remember the fact and not know what it means and why is it like that . The student should be tought the reasons of the subject and they should understand . By this if for example , someone comes up and asks the students do they know the meaning of this or why it is like this , they all should be able to reply them back instead of saying no its just suppose to be that way . Secondly , by learning the facts when the students is young it helps them as they grow up . There are some things which have to be know as facts and not have means to it . When they learn the teachnice to learn the facts when they are some , as they grow up the learning process increases and they can then learn facts aswell know the concept and understand the idea . Overall , i feel that the it is important for students to understand ideas and concept aswell as learn the facts . So by this the student will experience both and gain more information , which shall benfit later on in higher studies or after studies .
(ARA,medium) I totally disagree with the statement . In fact I do not think that neither young people nor older people can claim that they better enjoy their lives . Each group can enjoy it 's life equally . People who claims that young people may better enjoy their lives may claim that this is because they have helthier bodies , this is not true because nothing is absolute in this world we can find a lot of older people who are even healthier than younger ones . There are many young people who have disabilities , does this mean that they can not enjoy their lifves ? of course not , they maybe enjoying their lives much more than other individuals . The secret is in the spirit it does n't matter how old you are to use your time the best in something you really appreciate and that brings joy into your life . I could even claim that older people might have better chances to enjoy their lives much more than younger ones and this is simply because they have much more time than younger people who spend most of their time working and spinning in the wheel of the life to cover their basic needs while older people who are most propably retired can find some time for their lesiure and nobody would belame them cause they have already completed their mission in life and it 's just time for them to look after themselves , they can travel all around the world and have both the time and money to do this while most of the younger people do n't have the time except for a week of vacation every year and if they have the time they might not afford this . It 's always thought that the best time the farmer can experience is the harvest time when he can see all the efforts he 's been doing for the whole season in front of his eyes and this is very similar older people can always enjoy the harvest of their entire life especially when they had done it right and had been working hard for their entire life . These are some of the reasons that make me think that young people do n't enjoy life more than older peolpe .
(CHI,medium) I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge than to specialize in one subject . It may contains some personal emotions such as major chosed or career prospected , but the following discussion will lead to a reasonable conculsion . First , the society is developing quickly and by the meanwhlie the world is getting more and more smaller . The social relationship has been much more complex than ever before . People have to meet different persons and deal with various problems , and even new troubles emerge everyday . Under such circunstance , people need nemorous information to cope with all these fresh stuff . If they can not figure out the solution right now , they still have to learn more to solve them . Because the problems wo n't disappear by themselves , but people have the ability to learn and then to do . Broad knowledge really helps when people get involved in many troubles . For example , when a person with conpound knowledge of English language and Architecture run into some international construction bussinesses , he can deal with technical and language works by himself . But if he lacks the knowledge of English , he will not be able to communicate with the foreign customers . And it is obviously which one the company will hired . Otherwise , people specialized in specific subject may be really important at many fields , but most ordinary people do n't have to do that to make a life since they have many problem to faces . For last , if a person does have the abililty to gain broad knowledge of many academic , there is no reason to stop him to become such kind of person . As what have mentioned above , I believe it is beeter to have broad knowledge that to
(GER,high) The very task and eventually also the goal of advertisements is it , to promote a specific product in a way that makes it difficult for the potential customer to withstand from purchasing it . Therefore , those responsible to create commercials and advertisements , might be tempted to make certain products look better than they actuallly , soleley in order to gain a higher profit . This , I believe , is also the intrinsic factor in my essay , it is the greed of a capitalistically driven world to gain more and this more can be labelled as money . So , how is it possible to gain this precious metal ? Many adds focus on the fears people have , and the fears in western societies are very often linked to the fact of growing older . This is escpecially true for the use or one might even be able to call it abuse of women growing older , who in our socities are still greatly judged according to their outer appearance . Simultaneously with their outer beauty fading away and the first wrinkles appearing their pockets are becoming looser and they are ready to respond to corresponding adds . The adds usually show women who lose their wrinkles thanks to a great new cosmetic invention within only a couple of weeks . In fact , it is true , according to scientific research , that events like this do n't occur overnight , not even within a two-week-period . To me , this sounds very much like withholding information from the public and making use of the existing lack of knowledge on this subject . Another example shows this even more thoroughly . Many adds praise the outstanding advantages of eating a special yoghurt full of specific micro-organisms , which contribute to the well functioning of our intestines . Yet , what everybody who as a little understanding of the biology of human beings as well as the entire biosphere , knows , is that every single yoghurt , not just this very specific one , contains exactly the same fabulous micro-organisms , surprise , surprise ! This definitely can only be referred to as misleading information . In the light of what I have tried to elaborate on , it appears to be very obvious that I very much agree with the question being posed here . Advertisements which should in fact inform public properly on the products they promote , do very often pass on misleading information .
(SPA,medium) I defintly agree that the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . And we have to admit that part of the problem is that we believe in it , the people in the marketing market is pretty smart they make us feel we need something when we actually do n't , just because we saw our favorite pair of jeans on a famous person we NEED them , they made us feel that necessity just because we like that actor ( actress ) , he/she look good in them but that doens't mean that you 'll look the same with them on . It 's pretty amazing they just get the perfect enviroment in a commercial , everything is so well planned that even if it did n't seem good enough for you , they are going to make it seem in other commercial , poster , etc . The perfect way of presenting a product better than it really is in this new age of the marketing , where you can buy stuff you see on tv or just online . Usually what we see on tv , is not worth the price , or what it does but it seems to us as such a good idea , and then again , they make you feel you NEED it , and when you have it the materials they are made of are not good , or it brakes , and all the magic and the wonderful idea goes in the garbage can . You can get cheated the mayority of the times and that 's abussive from the people that sell the product and know what they are showing is not even half of what you are getting . It all will depend in what are you buying , who are you buying it to , and what are the conditions of the purchase . Usually the stuff that are reliable have good conditions of purchase , they have flexible returning policies , i think every time we have to be careful and councious with the stuff we 're buying , because nobody is going to return the money back into our wallets .
(JPN,high) Today , the tourism has increased rapidly and it has become one of the biggest business in the world . It is because the development of the technology allowed people go abroad much easier than before both physically and economically and even the people who do not have the enough ability to go around the foreign countries become to be able to do it . For such people , the group travel with the tour guide can be the very strong help to have the good travel , however , this kind of travel is not best way to enjoy the travevel ; people can not feel the real atmosphere of the travel which is the precious for the traveling . As the reason why the group travel can not feel the atmosphere , two reasons can be told . First is because of the bus thay use for transition and the other is the fact that they can not touch with the real local culture . People traveling in a group with a tour guide often use the bus to go around and seldom walk by themselves . If they walk , the couse is decided by the guide and they have few opportunities to explore by themselves . It causes that they can see only the famous points of the country , and sometimes causes the fact that people even do not know where they are in the country . To walk and to exploring the city - not only the famous points but also the usual cities views - really helps to know the atmosphere there and this is also the part of the traveling . So , using bus and going only the famous points with the tour guide can not feel the atmosphere and it might mean that people lose the very important part of the traveling . Also , the traveling in the group with the tour guide never offer the opportunities to contact with the local people . If there is , this is still the opprtunity which is managed by the tour guide ; so it is fake . The experiences of the real contact with the local people and the problem that might occure sometimes are also precious to know the atmosphere and it is also very important part of the traveling . In the group travelling , all things are decided by the guides and any surprising events to feel the atmosphere seldom happen . So , in these sences , the traveling in a group with a tour guide does not offer the opportunities to feel the real atmosphere of the country , therefore , is not good way to have the precious experiences of the traveling .
(FRE,medium) The quetion of advertising is for me very important , because my childrens seems to be very influencal about it . I thing it is true that most advertisements make some products better than they are really . I will take the example of the foods industries . Every days we could show on the TV or the newspapers advertisememts that proved the qualities of the foods products . They took as support wellknown peoples like football players our basketball players , in order to prouve that the products are very wealthy , So the people who are very influencable could take this message at the first level and imagine , if they have the same foods , that they will be able to improve their own performamces and fill better in their lifes . As the results we all knows that there is a big problems in our socities and especialy in the U.S.A and in Europe with obesity . Because of the message bring through the advertissememts a big part of the population are changing the traditionals ways of using food and buy every days industrials foods the a saturations of fat . But that is the most remarquable in this situation and the dangers of the advertisememts , it is that the same compagnies that developped the products will a lot of fat are actually developping a new range a products in order to reduce the numbers of calories in the alimentations . Again the advertising is use to promote the new products , and in this cases they wil use the same supports like sportifs to bring an over message . The problem we are focusing is that advertisements have only a positive message and they forget to show the negative points of the product , So a majorities of consumers event they known this bad side they are more influence by the positive side a the message bring by the advertisements . In conclusion we must all be able to understand that the job of advertsememt is to show only the bettre side of the product .
(KOR,medium) People have different opinions on whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use that there are today . People who oppose this statement argue that in the future we will also have so many cars due to our convenience . They think that using cars are the most convenient way to go another places . However , I disagree with this statement for two reasons . First of all , in the future , we will have other methods to go another place . Another reason is that in twenty years , we will go abroad more often . Let me explain the reasons in detail . To begin with , in twenty years we will have more developed machines instead of cars . When my grand-grandfather was a child , he can not imagine cars which is privailing nowadays . He watched cars only in movies . This was because in the past , wagon or horse were the only transportations . However , nowadays we have a lots of transportations such as bus , subways and airplane . It means that our technology has rapidly development . Therefore , in the future , we will have more technological transportation . Next , in the future we can go abroad more frenquently . It means that we feel no need to use cars . We will usually take airplanes instead of cars . This is because using cars can not go foreign countries . When I was young , I just traveled in my country . However , now things were totally different . Recently , many schools plan their vacation for student go abroad . In addition , if they travel another country , they have to take airplanes , not cars . This means that in the future , we will use airplanes for going abroad more often than use cars . In conclusion , I support the idea which is that in next generation there will be fewer cars in use that there are today for the reasons that I mentioned above . First , we are supposed to have other transportation instead of cars . Second , in the future , we will go abroad more often . Therefore we use airplane frenquently . It brings about decreasing of using cars .
(TUR,medium) Humankind always need to earn more many to reach good lifestandarts . Therefore the amonth of money is a very important aspect of humans life . Evrybody has different poin of views how the must earn the money . Some assume that advertisements is the best way to show how is your product to the costumers . I personally think that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . The reasons are ; to sell more , to be the biggest company in the market . Fist of all the main resaon why the products seems better is to sell more . With a cheap advertisement one can easily sell a lot of his product . For example Burger King is one of the largest fast food resturant in the world . Therefore they need advertisements to show their burgers . On the other hand their new burger , woopeer menu , misleads the costumeers . In their advertisements they use a huge photo to show what a big menu it is . Plus they also shows big meatball . But the throuth is one burger can never be enough , you must eat two or more to postpone your hunger . Burger King advertisements is the most spesific examples for the cousious consumers to find out their consumer rigths . The last but not least , to be the main producer in the market is the best way of deciding the prise of your product . For insthange Apple is the biggest company in the Mp3 player market . So they are able to change the prise of their poduct , Ipod , freely . How they became the main producer ? With advertisemnts actualy . They garenty their product will survive for 2 years , but after ten monhts it is almost broken down . All in all , as a conculusion , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . The consumers must find a way to bent misleading advertisements .
(FRE,low) Nowdays people use advertisement to show their product ; or to commercialize it ; but usualy they push much more on these advertisement . I mean they show their item pretier or say something that 's not true about it . I think that 's abuzing on costumers trust . Example : when you are usig a phone card the time remaining is generaly less than they said . Another example is car ; the preformance they said about it is false . So as costumer i agee with the statement , and i think people should take time to make a right choice before buying their items . And campanies should show the right side of their productions .
(CHI,medium) Most advertise make products seem much better than they really are Now there more and more advertisements , we can see them erervy where . Every advertisements is interduce the new products of their company . Most of the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . I saw a advetisement talked about a mp3 player , the advertisements said that the mp3 player can continue play mp3 for 20 hours , but most people bought it and found it can only play for 16 hours or less , So they asked the company to give a explain on it . The company 's explain is that when it playing songs , it have to turn to the lowest voice and can not change songs , so it can play for 20 hours . But it is impossible for user to do like that , when turn to the lowest voice , it almost can not hear it . And change songs is very common for mp3 player . I had saw a lot so advertisement like this . So the products not that good like the advertisements told us . The advertisements ' purpose is let us to buy the product , So the advertisements tell us all the good things about the product , but will not tell us what the produt is not good at . So afer we see the advertisements and buy the products , the feeling is the product is not as good as the advertisement say . So I agree with the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . most of the products can not do the advertisement said . When we buy some product we should not just only watch the advertisement , we should ask someone who buy the product is it ture like the advertisement say . Do this will help alot when we buying products .
(KOR,medium) I agree . Of course , old people can enjoy life well , however , they do not have enogh power and energy for enjoy . Therefore , even they have time and money , sometimes they can not enjoy life . Becouse it is difficult that they move and First , Young people has more power and energy than old people . For example ,, if people do not have enogh energe when they go to travel , they can not go long distance . Young people sometimes enjoy life through travel . They try to get information and expierience , and then while they enjoy life , they use them . For example , if you want to be artist , you can goanywhere you want , like Italy or new york . They can enjoy not only Italian life , but also enjoy New york life . However , the old people can not go anywhere , even they want to go . Becouse when they go to other country , it take long time . It is difficult for old people . Next , young people do not have los of experience about life . Thus everyting can ba curiouse for young people . So when they see something , it can be powerful and it can give them fun . But for In conclusion , people can enjoy their life even they are old . However if people want to enjoy more energetic life , they should enjoy when they are young . Becouse they have more power than old people and more inocent than old people .
(TUR,high) I do n't agree with the idea that the best way of traveling is to join a group led by a tour guide for several reasons . First of all , no matter how many people are contributing to the group , hiring a tour guide is always a lot more pricy than traveling by yourself or with a friend or two . Indeed , I find these tours as tourist traps because the tourists pay double or triple price when they visit museums with the ` knowlegable ' tour guides , compared to the amount they pay at the door . For example , I went to Moscow last year and at the Kremlin Palace I noticed that the visitors are given two options , either you can hire a guide at the door for an outrageous price or you buy an audio guide for only three dolars . Is n't it obvious which one makes more sense ? Some people might argue that a tour guide has a lot of information about the city that is being visited , so it is essential to be led by one . However a well-writen guide book would compensate the need for a tour guide and these guide books could easily be obtained from the bookstores or even tourist information offices . Recently these guide books are being written by locals of the place and they contain all the valuable information that a visitor may need . Furthermore they are being updated as new places open or anything changes in the place . Also traveling with a group has the inevitable disadvantage of moving as a group . Despite of the fact that each individual has there own interests and their own preferences , the group has a certain schedule for the entire trip and mostly it is required to follow this schedule . This requirement leds people to see places that they have no interest in and in a way it turns the trip into an unpleasent event .
(JPN,high) There are many successful poeple in various fields in this world . It can be business , sports , arts , or science . However , there is a common thing that those successful people have : successful pople try new things , take risks , and also respect the traditions and the old ways that have been known for a long time . For example , a tennis player cannot start creating a new way of hitting spine serve without knowing how to hit the ball properly . The player has to go thorough the tough steps of learning basic hitting techniques before doing something new . Therefore , knowing and respecting the traditions and the old ways is the fundemental step for the person to be successful . However , just knowing about the past is not good enough for most cases . Here , I will use an example of a researcher in biology lab . Even if the researcher obtained good grades during his/her undergraduate level and have great ability of learning what other scientists have done in the past , the researcher is not granteed to be a successful scientist if she/he lacks the ability of creativity . So , the ability to apply what the person have learned about the traditions and the old ways into new things is the second important element to be successful . Taking risk may be the third element to be successful ; however , it is not the case in some fields . For example , a doctor with a great knowledge and ability to adopt it cannot take risks to cure his/her patients if the doctor 's attempting and taking risks result in a number of patients ' death . However , it is also true that surgents and physicians often take risks in operation room in order to help thier patients . Finally , being successful is not neccessary important , and maybe it is not something other people judge if the person is successful or not . As long as the person is satisfied with his/her life and provides a great influences for the world , the person can be considered as `` successful '' .
(ITA,medium) Fist of all I think will be useful an historic approach , let 's see how community influenced young people 's life in past times . We can consider the first half of 20th century , we can image that the society had a solid structure that ruled the way young people should behave . Since they were children , because of the more spreaded poverty ( especially after the war ) and because the limited open-minded of the higer classes ( that were often very influenced by old traditions ) , they were automatically scheduled in fixed school programs or they were obliged to work at early age because of the lack of money , as a result the spare time was considerably reduced . These conditions were usual and widespread in common people and changed in some way youngs ' opinion through society . Nowadays i think society has reached an higer level of opportunities for young people , mainly because of the growth of whealtness and the reduced power of traditions . They most part of them can now attempt school and has also a most variety of choce . I think it 's not true that nowadays young people do n't spent enough time to helping the society , well maybe not as much as in the past but i think that the quality of the time they spent is much higher , they are investing in themselves in order to be able to help the soviety in the future
(TEL,medium) I strongly agree that , it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . It is very difficult and there is not much use in memorizing the facts . In olden days teaching methods they trained in learning facts but now due to latest technology development all facts are on computer internet available in seconds of button switch so we dont need to memorize facts . For example if a student memorizes dates and events took place in 18 century they may not be beneficial . but the concepts and ideas are trained they will develop new inventions , create wonderful things . Young minds are creative with full of enthusiasm so filling these valuable brains with dead curriculum and dead facts in this 21 century , I dont agree . Humanbeings have already developed computer which can store facts . so students dont need to learn them . Computer cannot generate ideas only humanbeings can think as they have a marvel brain which is equal to millions of computers . Students should understand the concepts and they should relate and generate new ideas . This process will take place only when we stop filling the brain with facts . Through out my education I have experienced learning so many facts like in Social science historical revolts . In science invention and discovery dates , in Maths multiples of tables more than 15 . in Languages remembering characters of plays , all the facts I learned were never useful in my life but they scored me low grades . So why not we learn things which are more useful and beneficial to man kind . So train young generation in developng , understanding new ideas creating wonderful things
(FRE,medium) What successful people has in common ? How do they reach this success ? It is probably a more complex question that it seems . Some people are sure to meet their goal and to be successfull by taking risks and attempting new things . Yet others are just trying to become the best in one well-known field and do not dare to go through new experiences . At issue is how to meet your assignments and reach success . To the most daring people , every experience is good to try . That is true that an attempt does not do any harm . And even if your experience does not appear as good as you expected , you still learn a lot . Most experience does worth a try . For instance , if you want to become a good cooker , you should try new receipes . To learn how to cook , you need to invent new receipes and not only to follow others advices . However , some people prefer to adopt a less risky behaviour . They are going to reach their goal by following , pace by pace , others advice . Some artisans seem to match this description . They want a comprehensive view of their own field and they are going to explore what does already exist . It is a different approach but they are likely to reach success . Their knowledge need patience and long lasting research . For instance , in order to know how to work wood m , you could explore different civilisations and cultures . You will certainly discover a great amount of interesting details which are going to be a great help in your next work . I found that I ca n't align myself on either behaviour . Most of the time , I adopt both attitude to meet my assignments . In order to be successfull , both taking risk and following the well-known path is usefull and effective .
(ITA,medium) today s society offers us many advantages and conveniences , and one of those is surely the possibility to be able to drive cars . almost every person nowadays drives a car , because it is a very fast and convenient means of transportation . i don t agree with the statement claiming that in twenty years there will be fewer cars because of the following reasons . first of all , cars have brougth so many important advantages to our society that i don t think people will ever be willing to give up . for example , cars are very useful when we want to get to a certain place and we don t want to wake up early in the morning or follow a time schedule . in this case , a bus cannot replace a car in anyway . also , a car is faster than a train or a bus and allows us to get to our destination faster . also , people nowadays have become lazy and they are used to taking the car even if they do not really need to . some people find it more convenient to take the car everywhere they go , without having to walk , take a bike or another means of public transportation . in addition , other people don t like to rely on public means of transportation because of various reasons . public means are generally slower than cars , and they also stop to places where we are not going , in this way taking more time to get to our destination . some people may view this as a waste of their time . furthermore , when we are in a hurry , we don t have time to just walk or take a bike , and if we don t like trains or buses the only option we have left is the car . other means of transportation , like planes , are useful to travel long distances but cannot substitute the car . if we are travelling short distances , the only means that can guarantee us a fast way of transportation is the car . even thouhghi i i believe that the use of cars shoul dbe reduced because of all the devastating damages it has on us and our enviroment , for instance air pollution , i am also convinced that people will want to continue to use the
(GER,high) Although some advertisements state the truth , I believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they actually are . Nowadays , modern societies face an overflow of products in the stores . People are overwhelmed and often have a hard time to decide what type of product or brand they should choose . All they can rely on is their own experience in the past and the recognition of familiar and advertised brands . If a manufacturer wants to be successful in selling his products , he is forced to invest time and money in advertisement . Having the best product is just not enough to guarantee a manufacturer 's success . A manufacturer has to identify the needs of his targeted customers and address these needs in his marketing propaganda . A customer normally buys a product in order to satisfy his or her needs . Examples of needs are youth , beauty , mobility or entertainment . In the end , it all comes down to how to proper build up a brand that is related to certain values . Imagine that you are standing in front of a shelf in a cosmetic store that contains 25 different brands of shampoo . Which one do you decide to take ? Would it not be the brand you just recently saw on TV , the one that promises healty , shiny , good smelling hair ? In my opinion , branding is the key to success . And the better you understand to link certain criterias that represent needs of customers with a brand , the more successful you are . It really does not matter if your product is better than the product of anyone else . As long as you offer reasonable quality and deliver the `` right message '' your product is requested . For instance , Dewalt offers a low quality product with a rather weak service . However , their marketing is so outstanding that they have the biggest share in rotating lasers . The reason is that they know perfectly how to advertise their products . Even there are companies in the rotating laser market with far better products and service , people tend to buy their products from Dewalt . They have used the product in the past and believe what they were told in the advertisement . However , one point has to be mention . As long as the needs of a customer are met the customer will return to a company and by its brand . If he experiences once that the product does not perform in a satisfying way , he might switch to another brand . As a result , manufacturers have to take advantage of advertisement and present their products as perfect as possible . Though , they also have to be cautious that they do not exaggerate .
(ARA,medium) I dont ' agree on the following statement because it is essential for people to contribute to their societies through volunteer work and youths in general , tend to be very active and motivated to offfer their help at any time . Schools , universities , hospitals and many more present different tasks to encourage young people to help other people in their communities through volunteering . For example , a person could volunteer to teach young children a non-native language , or others could organize a charity for the needy in their neighbourhoods such as donating food , clothing , medicine and money especially during the Holy month of Ramadan . Helping the environment can result in educating students the importance of recylcing and maintaning a healthy atmosphere to live in . We live in an age , where every person can be creative and can introduce new ways to strenghten the bonds between people and community work could do it , for instance the senior citizens need recreation so it is important for youths to find methods of entertaining them as part of their dedication to help the socieities where they live in . Students can also do their best to organize festivals and gatherings for children and the handicapped . Everybody wants to be part of a community that appreciates hard work and the enthusiasm of young people ready to make a difference no matter where they live or how they think .
(SPA,medium) People who have succeded in this world have taken risk the set a difference between them and those how have not , and I have seen cases like that . That is why I agree with the statement . Most of the people around us can be called regular people , I mean those whose activities and actions do not exceed others . Indeed , the people that can be refered as successful can be distinguish from all the normal groups . I remember once when I was 18 years old and I went with my family to Paris . The first night we went out to have dinner and , suddenly , in the restaurant we saw one of the most famous actors from Hollywood . Thus , I realized that many people were looking at him and some others were asking him his last film . Indeed , this kind of person are some kind og magnet to others . The fact is that this actor began is career acting in a old theater and letting other people how good was his performance . He took lessons from a acting academy , something that almost nobody else does . Another example that I would like to give about my opinion , refers to the business world ; where you can be rich in just a matter of hours . When I was in the university I remember , studying for my major , we where studiying business success as the pick of our life , so we analyzed the Bill Gates case . Therefore we came to the conclusion that you only have to have an idea , a good , new and different idea to have success and in this case how to be richest in the world just in couple of years . What happened to him is that he worked hard on something different and came up with the big deals of affortable computers . In conclusion , I might say that making the difference , taking risks , having new and good ideas is the best way for being successful is life , in any point of view . For those reasons , I agree with the statement .
(ARA,medium) So many things in life define enjoyment and happiness , these things differ from one person to another , they might be health , money , kids , good marrige , peace of mind and so on , and I think they depend on what a person is missing from his or her life . In my point of view , I think that old people enjoy life more than younger ones for so many reasons . the most important reason in my opinion is that they carry less responsibilities than younger people do , for example , younger people still have to graduate from college or university , get narried , have kids and find a steady job to afford thier families and so on . most old people have fulfilled all these responsibilities by the time they reach thier sixties or seventies . The other reason why I think old people are happier is that they do n't have to care for any one , instead they have other people who take care of them and nurtures them , these peole can be from thier own families like kids and grandchildren or thier government might provide them some help to maitain healthy and alive . In the other hand , old people suffer from several problems like sickness , disabilities . These difficulties might prevent them from doing or practicing some of the activities they enjoy like shopping , jogging , swimming and so on . but they can be provided wheel chairs to reduce the effeect of these problems . So many people enjoy thier life apart from being young or old , I think it depends on how optemestic or pesimestic a person is , if you are optemestic you can enjoy every moment of your life , it does not matter how much money or wealth you have , all that matters is the peace of mind and a
(HIN,medium) This topic can be approached in various different manner because the term `` enjoying life '' can be measured in innumerable different ways for different people . Enjoying life in my opinion may be very very different from someone else opinion . First of all in my opinion enjoying life is not having momentary fun like going to a bar or a club on a Friday or a Saturday evening and drinking and dancing as for most young people of my age . In my opinion enjoying life is having a happy and contented life with nothing to worry about . To support this idea I take an example of old couple who will represent old people . An old couple retired from work will have lots of money for themselves from the retirement fund and the gratuity fund . To top it up they do not have any responsibility of their sons and daughters on their shoulder . What do they do with the huge sum of money they have just got after retiring from office ? These old couple use this money in such things which as per me is enjoying life like taking a round the world ticket and go round the world and see the beautiful nad exotic locations around the world or buy a convertible or buy a vacation home in the suburbs of a city to relax and have a peaceful time away form the hustel bustle of city life . Sometimes they also choose to buy vacation homes with nearby lakes and they buy boats and go fishing and spend their time . They have nothing to worry about !!! Their life is relaxed ! Thought young people are more vibrant and have lots of energy they have time constraints the main one being time due to there studies or due to their work schedules . Te only thing they can do is take a occasional vacation and vist palces or go visit their relatives but this too they have to finish by a cetain amount of time . They aslos have financial constraints as they have children , their education and the finance of ther home to worrt abt . so in my opinion ol
(CHI,medium) Yes most and many advertisements make products much better than they really are . I believe making advertisements it is what a company do to make money , to have success . There is many sports shoes company out in the market right now , but do you really think a pair Nike shoes coasts $ 110 . But if you look into it , why a pair shoes coasts so much , because is a advertisment so Nike make their shoes look better than everyone else 's . At the end of each day , what the company really want , they want to have success , they want to be on the top , that want to make money and they would do what ever they can to get to the top . Yes , I agree that most advertisements make products seen much better than they really are . A pair nike shoes do n't really coast $ 110 , they coast something like $ 5 to $ 10 . On top of all the taxes , import , export . It come out somewhere around $ 80 . And then , the bussiness wants to make money so , they add another $ 30 on there , it come out $ 110 . What kind of advertisements Nike use there . They make the shoes very expensive , it make the shoes look longlasting , better , or can make you go faster or jump further . The price convience you is a pair good shoes . If a pair shoes come in $ 10 , you would first think , wow it is cheap , but then you would question how long the shoes will last , and why they made it so cheap . You see what advertisements did there , because is so expensive that it convience you that is a pair of good shoes . There is lots competition out there between company and company . They all want one thing , and that is make money . Their products could be the same , but the differences is judge what kind or type of advertisements did the company made . A good advertisements can put you ahead of the game and a bad one might just screw you over . So that is why when you watach on TV , there is famous people advertis for the company , hope you would want to but them . They are all doing one thing , to beat their competition . You do n't start a company and hope the company will faile . You want to have success . You want to be on the top . And I believe that is why companies focus on advertisements so much , because once you get to certain level , everyone 's products are the same , they only differences will be who done the extra work . Advertisements is an extra work , and this extra work and bring your company to the top . I agree with advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . But company have to do advertisment , that is the only way they can beat their competitions and have success .
(GER,high) I agree to the statement , that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them learn facts . First of all , the motivation of learning should be to know the things , to fulfill the thirst of knowledge . This ambition should be the reason , why somebody decides to study at an university . Second , if somebody learns only facts , it will be even harder to keep the facts . The human memory has evolved by nature in order to better survive on this planet . At these times it was helpful to understand ideas and concepts , for example , understanding nature in favour to use it . Therefore the human is not suited to learn facts , in comparison to the computer . It could be asked , why students have to learn facts at all ? The reason is simple . Facts are needed to be present in the mind to construct or to follow a theory as much as bricks and stones are needed to construct an house . If students do n't learn any facts , they ca n't follow any theory , which rely on facts . Therefore it is neccessary to learn facts , but the motivation for it should be to understand ideas and concepts . Learning facts has to be viewed like a tool , which some people like to use and some people do n't , but the reason to use the tool does n't lie in the tool itself . As I described above , the human mind is not intended to learn facts . But to develop a complicated theory , it is neccessary to know facts . Therefore the society created rewards for using learning facts . A teacher rewards a student , if he learns well and if he learns facts accurately . Some students are attracted so much by these rewards , that they only learn facts to achieve the reward . Everybody of us experienced them in the school class , where some pupils learned very ambitiously and accurately , but it was easy to see , that they prefered receiving the reward instead of satisfying their thirst of knowledge . As a solution to this phenomena at school , I propose to reward the understanding of ideas and concepts much more then just learning the facts . The pupils need the discipline to the learn facts , but they also need to see , why the are learning them .
(TEL,medium) The statement says that in the next twenty years , we can observe only few number of cars , compared to the number we have today . I completely disagree with the idea given in the statement . Because , I feel that car is the most basic and effective way of travelling between any two places . This number will keep on increasing to satisfy this basic need . Of course , raise in petrol prices and other minor drawbacks will affect this number to a considerable amount . Indeed , car is the most used automobile for traveling , because it is easy and faster . Considering the technology advances and speedness in the lives each and every human-beings , we can confidently say that this number will ever increases all the time . It is simply because people will always look for better ways of transportation that allow them to move quickly to their respective tasks , especially in this modern soceity . Also , it is quickly reached to a state of being a basic neccessity , rather than a luxury . Hence , I dont think people will give up them so easily as one thinks . Relatively , the design and technology aspects of these automobile manufacturing are keep on changing rapidly to meet new and advanced customer needs and also to compete with the problems like petrol prices . For instance , the research on using other alternative fuels instaed of petrol is going on a rapid pace , to nullify the effect of hike in petrol amd diesel prices . Also , the automobile which have the compatibilty to adapt to diffrent kinds of fuels are launched the market , lets say , dual engine which works with both petrol and electricity . On the other hand , the increasing demand and hikes in the oil prices will affect the number of car sales in future . These problems can be overcomed by technology innovations as discussed in previous passage . But , still these innovations are nascent stage and as we can not predict the future , it is not the right time to say that these advanced technology will serve the pusrpose at maitainable costs . In case if they fail to offer the solutions at mominal prices , people may relie to public transportation system to reduce their costs and eventually lead to decrease in number of cars as on now . Finally , I conclude that the statement , in the next twenty years , we can observe only few number of cars , compared to the number we have today , is pointless and is only based only few factors . Hence , I strongly disagree with the idea .
(TEL,medium) I , being a science student completely disagree with the above statement . I have a couple of self experienced incidents to say this . A person is generally inhibited with some level of knowledge which he cannot cross over . Thus taking one subject specialised would be more beneficiary to the candidate . I would like to quote a jug of water to support my theory . When a jug of water is placed upto its brim it will be useful for several others to quench thier thirst but when it is overflown then it gets wasted and would be not useful for anyone . In the same way knowledge gaining would be useful for building up good careers but it becomes unworthy when one is not mastered in any of the subject he planned . The proverb ` SLOW AND STEADY WINS THE RACE ' can be reminded . THEREFORE IT IS BETTER TO GET SPECIALIZE IN ONE SPECIFIC SUBJECT . let us consider the world 's greatest scientist SIR ISAAC NEWTON for this . If he too would have concentrated on many subjects without making any thourough knowledge on anything then we would have lacked the world 's famous LAWS OF GRAVITATIONAL FORCES . There may be exceptionalists who gain vast knowledge on various subjects but the scientific reason behind this is they possess a greater amount of grey matter in brain and are considered as super humans like EINSTEIN . Here the fact is that one has to recognise one 's own ability of study and interest and fully justify thier choice . this comes only through wise thinking and seeking good advices from elders . I conclude the section that ONE HAS TO BE SELF WORTHY AND CHOOSE LESS , GAIN MORE should be the motto . May be one 's study field is small but it must be unique and contrast . It 's not wise to say that only by getting specilized in many would make u creative but finally ` UR UNIQUENESS ' would place one in a better status in the society . THANK YOU !
(ITA,medium) There is a problematic situation : business has the main pourpose in selling and getting the heyer profit from anything and at the same time a correct life-style tells us that liyng is not correct ; it ' s not always possible to follow both statements . Of course I agree that advertisment makes a product seem much better than what it really is , because that 's its pourpose : make a product look wonderful so nobody will resist buying it . Not only publicity wants a product to look fantastic , it also wants you to think that it ' s the best idea somebody ever had and that you can no longer live without it . Advertisment want ' s you to think that there product will better your life ; so why not buy it ? Advertising uses those instruments that have the bigger impact on human personality : image , sound and psicology . Psicology is one of the most powerfull wepons of control on people . If you are able to enter there mind with a powerfull and sensational icon you did it all . If you want to sell a hair lotion that will make your hair grow back eaven if you are sixty years old , you can ' t say it will also seriously damage your hormon sistem or else I think every prson in the world would prefere to have a little less hair but a better helth . I think every person in the world should stop and think of it ' s role in society and of what impact it have on people , each one of use should be aware of it ' s own responsabilities and decide eather to take one way or the other : one leads , maybe , to a better world where everibody really has what is best , the otherone brings to a a world where each one of us thinks for him selve and thinks he is doing the best for him selve but he is not .
(HIN,medium) Yes , I agree with the statement that `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' . People become success because of taking risks in their work . According to the proverb `` Success will not come to us , we must to it '' indicates best to wards hardwork . Risks is the thing which leads the path to your success . Without Risks a success man is like a Body without soul . The Successful peoples try to take risks in every day of life . They know the value of Success and they also know that it will not come without risks . The successful people always try to become more successful than the other successful person . For this reason his take risks in his every part of his life . The true value of Success can be only be known by the person who takes risks . For example consider the example of the Poilet . The poilet want to became success in his aeroplane driving . He takes risks in every aspects of his life . He takes risks from the starting the aeroplane till the landing . But become success one day or the other . That 's why success include hard work and risks . There are many examples in which risks includes , the best and popular example is the child riding the bicycle . The child knows the fear of falling down from the cycle and getting the enjoury but still rides . He want to the success in his riding . Even though he may fell down and get injured but never stop the his goal to become success . The success comes from the inspiration of own mind and soul . For every success risks are the four most step . If one can step the first and four most step of risks then he is successful person in his life . If the successful people think that his the successful person and do same as already he did then he will be in only same position and get decreased day by day . Risks are the smaller things for the successful peoples . They take risks as taking water . They just see the goal not the problems they are facing and what might the risks they can get . They just take the risks and try to become more successful from the previous . Risks are not the things which you cannot do it just imagination of the problem in mind . So I finally agree with the statement that `` Successful people try new things and take risks '' .
(FRE,medium) In the modern world that we know , a lot of different products are available . Are we always aware carefully about all those products ? Should it be the responsibility of companies to make sure customers know everything about risk that could create by using their products ? In fact , the law wants that all risk concerning a product be identified by the producer . Some believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . Personnally , I do n't agree with this . Those advertisements make you think twice , and at least , they make sure the customer is aware about risks . First , Those advertisements make you thing twice before to buy a product like alcool are tabaco . Also , usully those argument are pretty stronght and they make yourself considere it a little bit more before using it . Also , I have seen on pack of cigarettes , in Canada , photograph which are illustrating desease that can be caused by tabaco . This is ugly , that freak you out the first time you see it . This wo n't make a product more attractive for customers . Second , at least it informes about some risks that customers may not know concerning the product itself . It could be hard to believe for some people , but it may happen to anybody to use a product and do n't be aware about the effect . If somebody have n't told you or teached you , how can you be aware ? Company must be responsible about what they are offering to the population . Finally , I believe that the law is not too stronght concerning advertisements on products . They do n't really make products seem much better than they really are . They make sure that everybody is aware about what they will consumed or used . It avoid all misunderstood and surprises .
(HIN,high) The statement that to understand ideas and concepts is more important than to learn facts is a contoversial one . On one hand learning facts is important get into the researches made in the past On the other hand it is always saidthat thinking and understanding is the mother of all invention . How ever in my opinion it is better to understand ideas and concepts rater to learn it . The reason for my belief is , that if someone understand the topic and apply it the past experience helps to memorize the thing . the best example i can think of is doctor it is the ideas and practise that makes him a good practioner , if he going to learn every thing he might be confused all the time . The second reason for my belief is , it is always easy to underestand the thing rather to mug them up . Concept formation started right when he was in school and it gradually build over the time and will not finish till the end of his life . It is scientifically proved that what we learn each day we memorize only 30 % next day and it will keep on decreasing with time . This happens to us during exams if a pereson is well active during lecture and do his home work regularly his performance is better than a person who worked last night of exam , the active learner can handle all type of questions asked effectively and efficiently and a problem can occur for a person who did learn the answer of the question asked . Last reason for my belief is , that in the field of research the knowledge is more important than the learned facts . The scholars always tested on this parametre , for facts there are books inthe libarary for reference , internet to search but no option for understanding . , it is his ideas and concepts which help him to succed in life . Finally i strongly support the statement that `` it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
(TUR,medium) in my opionion , successful people are the ones who tries to create or do something new . the more one developes him or herself , the more success he or she gains . it can be obviously observed from the civilizations ' developments . as the civilizations improve themselves they reach higher power . that is the same with the success of people . improvement and trying new things has some risks as well . the risk of to be unsuccessful is one of the greatest ones . in my opinion , people are abstaining to take new actions due to the fear of taking the risk of fail . however it is over estimated idea . you can not do anything if you do not try to do something new . perhaps some might say that it will be better off by trying to do your own job in best manner and way . but the question of ` what to do after specializing on the thing you do ' still remains . i agree that it is more likely to specialize on some issue . however after specializing , developing that issue , gaining new approaches and taking risks to do something new brings success . for instance do you think that microsoft could be such successful if it had not improved its techonolgy or renewed its software ? i think it would be impossible at all . eventually it would be a risk for microsoft not to work for further development . we are living in a process that always recquires improvement . that is why we should always try to improve ourselves in our job , or the smallest thing that we do in our normal life . creativity is the thing that brings success . if you stay behind this process and stay as you are , do what you always do , you can never be successful . you can only be whatever you are and always be the same .
